info/Abstract.md, before:

## Abstract Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Base](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#base-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Abstract`

### Website

[https://abstract-ide.github.io/site](https://abstract-ide.github.io/site)

### Github repository

[https://github.com/Abstract-IDE/Abstract](https://github.com/Abstract-IDE/Abstract)

### Neovimcraft entry

[https://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Abstract-IDE/Abstract](https://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Abstract-IDE/Abstract)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/plugins/Abstract-IDE/Abstract](https://dotfyle.com/plugins/Abstract-IDE/Abstract)

### Packer managed plugins

- [Abstract-IDE/Abstract-cs](https://github.com/Abstract-IDE/Abstract-cs)
- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [Neevash/awesome-flutter-snippets](https://github.com/Neevash/awesome-flutter-snippets)
- [turbio/bracey.vim](https://github.com/turbio/bracey.vim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [dart-lang/dart-vim-plugin](https://github.com/dart-lang/dart-vim-plugin)
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [rmagatti/goto-preview](https://github.com/rmagatti/goto-preview)
- [phaazon/hop.nvim](https://github.com/phaazon/hop.nvim)
- [lewis6991/impatient.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/impatient.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [Shatur/neovim-session-manager](https://github.com/Shatur/neovim-session-manager)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua](https://github.com/akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [NvChad/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/NvChad/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [wbthomason/packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- [Abstract-IDE/penvim](https://github.com/Abstract-IDE/penvim)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [filipdutescu/renamer.nvim](https://github.com/filipdutescu/renamer.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-media-files.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-media-files.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [voldikss/vim-floaterm](https://github.com/voldikss/vim-floaterm)
- [szw/vim-maximizer](https://github.com/szw/vim-maximizer)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Abstract.md, after:

## Abstract Neovim Configuration Information

Preconfigured Neovim as an IDE

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -g`
- Configuration category: [Base](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#base-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Abstract`

### Website

[https://abstract-ide.github.io/site](https://abstract-ide.github.io/site)

### Github repository

[https://github.com/Abstract-IDE/Abstract](https://github.com/Abstract-IDE/Abstract)

### Neovimcraft entry

[https://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Abstract-IDE/Abstract](https://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Abstract-IDE/Abstract)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/plugins/Abstract-IDE/Abstract](https://dotfyle.com/plugins/Abstract-IDE/Abstract)

### Packer managed plugins

- [Abstract-IDE/Abstract-cs](https://github.com/Abstract-IDE/Abstract-cs)
- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [Neevash/awesome-flutter-snippets](https://github.com/Neevash/awesome-flutter-snippets)
- [turbio/bracey.vim](https://github.com/turbio/bracey.vim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [dart-lang/dart-vim-plugin](https://github.com/dart-lang/dart-vim-plugin)
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [rmagatti/goto-preview](https://github.com/rmagatti/goto-preview)
- [phaazon/hop.nvim](https://github.com/phaazon/hop.nvim)
- [lewis6991/impatient.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/impatient.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [Shatur/neovim-session-manager](https://github.com/Shatur/neovim-session-manager)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua](https://github.com/akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [NvChad/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/NvChad/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [wbthomason/packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- [Abstract-IDE/penvim](https://github.com/Abstract-IDE/penvim)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [filipdutescu/renamer.nvim](https://github.com/filipdutescu/renamer.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-media-files.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-media-files.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [voldikss/vim-floaterm](https://github.com/voldikss/vim-floaterm)
- [szw/vim-maximizer](https://github.com/szw/vim-maximizer)
