info/Adib.md, before:

## Adib Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Adib`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/adibhanna/nvim](https://github.com/adibhanna/nvim)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/adibhanna/nvim](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/adibhanna/nvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim](https://github.com/antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot-cmp](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot-cmp.git)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot.lua](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot.lua.git)
- [saecki/crates.nvim](https://github.com/saecki/crates.nvim.git)
- [editorconfig/editorconfig-vim](https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim.git)
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [ggandor/flit.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/flit.nvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [dnlhc/glance.nvim](https://github.com/dnlhc/glance.nvim.git)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [olexsmir/gopher.nvim](https://github.com/olexsmir/gopher.nvim.git)
- [sainnhe/gruvbox-material](https://github.com/sainnhe/gruvbox-material)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim](https://github.com/lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.pairs](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.pairs.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [karb94/neoscroll.nvim](https://github.com/karb94/neoscroll.nvim)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-go](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-go.git)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [leoluz/nvim-dap-go](https://github.com/leoluz/nvim-dap-go)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [windwp/nvim-spectre](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-spectre.git)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim.git)
- [rose-pine/neovim](https://github.com/rose-pine/neovim.git)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [b0o/schemastore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/schemastore.nvim)
- [bennypowers/splitjoin.nvim](https://github.com/bennypowers/splitjoin.nvim.git)
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide](https://github.com/jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Adib.md, after:

## Adib Neovim Configuration Information

Personal Neovim configuration of Adib Hanna. Tips, distros, and configuration [demo video](https://youtu.be/8SVPOKZVaMU)

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w Adib`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Adib`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/adibhanna/nvim](https://github.com/adibhanna/nvim)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/adibhanna/nvim](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/adibhanna/nvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim](https://github.com/antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot-cmp](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot-cmp.git)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot.lua](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot.lua.git)
- [saecki/crates.nvim](https://github.com/saecki/crates.nvim.git)
- [editorconfig/editorconfig-vim](https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim.git)
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [ggandor/flit.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/flit.nvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [dnlhc/glance.nvim](https://github.com/dnlhc/glance.nvim.git)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [olexsmir/gopher.nvim](https://github.com/olexsmir/gopher.nvim.git)
- [sainnhe/gruvbox-material](https://github.com/sainnhe/gruvbox-material)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim](https://github.com/lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.pairs](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.pairs.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [karb94/neoscroll.nvim](https://github.com/karb94/neoscroll.nvim)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-go](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-go.git)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [leoluz/nvim-dap-go](https://github.com/leoluz/nvim-dap-go)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [windwp/nvim-spectre](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-spectre.git)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim.git)
- [rose-pine/neovim](https://github.com/rose-pine/neovim.git)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [b0o/schemastore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/schemastore.nvim)
- [bennypowers/splitjoin.nvim](https://github.com/bennypowers/splitjoin.nvim.git)
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide](https://github.com/jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
