info/Allaman.md, before:

## Allaman Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Allaman`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/Allaman/nvim](https://github.com/Allaman/nvim)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/Allaman/nvim](https://dotfyle.com/Allaman/nvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [numToStr/Navigator.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Navigator.nvim)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [anuvyklack/animation.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/animation.nvim.git)
- [famiu/bufdelete.nvim](https://github.com/famiu/bufdelete.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-calc](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-calc)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [lukas-reineke/cmp-rg](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/cmp-rg.git)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [nvim-zh/colorful-winsep.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-zh/colorful-winsep.nvim.git)
- [folke/flash.nvim](https://github.com/folke/flash.nvim.git)
- [willothy/flatten.nvim](https://github.com/willothy/flatten.nvim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [junegunn/fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [akinsho/git-conflict.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/git-conflict.nvim.git)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [anuvyklack/hydra.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/hydra.nvim.git)
- [smjonas/inc-rename.nvim](https://github.com/smjonas/inc-rename.nvim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/keymap-layer.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/keymap-layer.nvim.git)
- [allaman/kustomize.nvim](https://github.com/allaman/kustomize.nvim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/middleclass](https://github.com/anuvyklack/middleclass.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.align](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.align.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.files](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.files.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.hipatterns](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.hipatterns.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.surround](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.surround.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.test](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.test.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [TimUntersberger/neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf.git)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [leoluz/nvim-dap-go](https://github.com/leoluz/nvim-dap-go)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [rafcamlet/nvim-luapad](https://github.com/rafcamlet/nvim-luapad.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [akinsho/nvim-toggleterm.lua](https://github.com/akinsho/nvim-toggleterm.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise](https://github.com/RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-ts-hint-textobject](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-ts-hint-textobject)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker](https://github.com/s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [aarondiel/spread.nvim](https://github.com/aarondiel/spread.nvim.git)
- [ironhouzi/starlite-nvim](https://github.com/ironhouzi/starlite-nvim.git)
- [simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim](https://github.com/crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim)
- [ptethng/telescope-makefile](https://github.com/ptethng/telescope-makefile)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide](https://github.com/jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [aaronhallaert/ts-advanced-git-search.nvim](https://github.com/aaronhallaert/ts-advanced-git-search.nvim.git)
- [axieax/urlview.nvim](https://github.com/axieax/urlview.nvim)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [lervag/vimtex](https://github.com/lervag/vimtex)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/windows.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/windows.nvim.git)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Allaman.md, after:

## Allaman Neovim Configuration Information

One of the inspirations for Lazyman. Excellent support for Python, Golang, Rust, YAML, and more

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -L Allaman`
- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Allaman`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/Allaman/nvim](https://github.com/Allaman/nvim)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/Allaman/nvim](https://dotfyle.com/Allaman/nvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [numToStr/Navigator.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Navigator.nvim)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [anuvyklack/animation.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/animation.nvim.git)
- [famiu/bufdelete.nvim](https://github.com/famiu/bufdelete.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-calc](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-calc)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [lukas-reineke/cmp-rg](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/cmp-rg.git)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [nvim-zh/colorful-winsep.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-zh/colorful-winsep.nvim.git)
- [folke/flash.nvim](https://github.com/folke/flash.nvim.git)
- [willothy/flatten.nvim](https://github.com/willothy/flatten.nvim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [junegunn/fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [akinsho/git-conflict.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/git-conflict.nvim.git)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [anuvyklack/hydra.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/hydra.nvim.git)
- [smjonas/inc-rename.nvim](https://github.com/smjonas/inc-rename.nvim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/keymap-layer.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/keymap-layer.nvim.git)
- [allaman/kustomize.nvim](https://github.com/allaman/kustomize.nvim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/middleclass](https://github.com/anuvyklack/middleclass.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.align](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.align.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.files](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.files.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.hipatterns](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.hipatterns.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.surround](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.surround.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.test](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.test.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [TimUntersberger/neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf.git)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [leoluz/nvim-dap-go](https://github.com/leoluz/nvim-dap-go)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [rafcamlet/nvim-luapad](https://github.com/rafcamlet/nvim-luapad.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [akinsho/nvim-toggleterm.lua](https://github.com/akinsho/nvim-toggleterm.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise](https://github.com/RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-ts-hint-textobject](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-ts-hint-textobject)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker](https://github.com/s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [aarondiel/spread.nvim](https://github.com/aarondiel/spread.nvim.git)
- [ironhouzi/starlite-nvim](https://github.com/ironhouzi/starlite-nvim.git)
- [simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim](https://github.com/crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim)
- [ptethng/telescope-makefile](https://github.com/ptethng/telescope-makefile)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide](https://github.com/jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [aaronhallaert/ts-advanced-git-search.nvim](https://github.com/aaronhallaert/ts-advanced-git-search.nvim.git)
- [axieax/urlview.nvim](https://github.com/axieax/urlview.nvim)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [lervag/vimtex](https://github.com/lervag/vimtex)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/windows.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/windows.nvim.git)
