info/Brain.md, before:

## Brain Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Brain`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/brainfucksec/neovim-lua](https://github.com/brainfucksec/neovim-lua)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/brainfucksec/neovim-lua](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/brainfucksec/neovim-lua)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [feline-nvim/feline.nvim](https://github.com/feline-nvim/feline.nvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [tanvirtin/monokai.nvim](https://github.com/tanvirtin/monokai.nvim.git)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [navarasu/onedark.nvim](https://github.com/navarasu/onedark.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [rose-pine/neovim](https://github.com/rose-pine/neovim)
- [preservim/tagbar](https://github.com/preservim/tagbar.git)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Brain.md, after:

## Brain Neovim Configuration Information

Well structured personal config based on the [KISS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle) principle

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w Brain`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Brain`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/brainfucksec/neovim-lua](https://github.com/brainfucksec/neovim-lua)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/brainfucksec/neovim-lua](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/brainfucksec/neovim-lua)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [feline-nvim/feline.nvim](https://github.com/feline-nvim/feline.nvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [tanvirtin/monokai.nvim](https://github.com/tanvirtin/monokai.nvim.git)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [navarasu/onedark.nvim](https://github.com/navarasu/onedark.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [rose-pine/neovim](https://github.com/rose-pine/neovim)
- [preservim/tagbar](https://github.com/preservim/tagbar.git)
