info/Charles.md, before:

## Charles Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Charles`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/CharlesChiuGit/nvimdots.lua](https://github.com/CharlesChiuGit/nvimdots.lua)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- accelerated-jk.nvim
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- autoclose.nvim
- [max397574/better-escape.nvim](https://github.com/max397574/better-escape.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [doctorfree/cheatsheet.nvim](https://github.com/doctorfree/cheatsheet.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols](https://github.com/kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [f3fora/cmp-spell](https://github.com/f3fora/cmp-spell)
- cmp-tabnine
- cmp-tmux
- cmp-treesitter
- cmp-under-comparator
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- copilot-cmp
- copilot.lua
- delaytrain.nvim
- dial.nvim
- diffview.nvim
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- fzy-lua-native
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim](https://github.com/ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim)
- headlines.nvim
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- leap-ast.nvim
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim](https://github.com/lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim)
- [ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- neodim
- neogen
- [karb94/neoscroll.nvim](https://github.com/karb94/neoscroll.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [ojroques/nvim-bufdel](https://github.com/ojroques/nvim-bufdel)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- nvim-comment-frame
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- nvim-neoclip.lua
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- nvim-scrollbar
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-context](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-context)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- nvim-unception
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- oil.nvim
- paint.nvim
- persisted.nvim
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- python-copy-reference.vim
- rainbow-delimiters.nvim
- search-replace.nvim
- smartyank.nvim
- sniprun
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- styler.nvim
- [lambdalisue/suda.vim](https://github.com/lambdalisue/suda.vim)
- swenv.nvim
- syntax-tree-surfer
- tabout.nvim
- telescope-env.nvim
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-live-grep-args.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-live-grep-args.nvim)
- telescope-undo.nvim
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- tmux.nvim
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [Wansmer/treesj](https://github.com/Wansmer/treesj)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- vim-cool
- [junegunn/vim-easy-align](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-easy-align)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- vim-highlighturl
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- vim-log-highlighting
- [andymass/vim-matchup](https://github.com/andymass/vim-matchup)
- [lervag/vimtex](https://github.com/lervag/vimtex)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gelguy/wilder.nvim](https://github.com/gelguy/wilder.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Charles.md, after:

## Charles Neovim Configuration Information

Well structured lazy config with several setup scripts and a Wiki

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w Charles`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Charles`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/CharlesChiuGit/nvimdots.lua](https://github.com/CharlesChiuGit/nvimdots.lua)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- accelerated-jk.nvim
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- autoclose.nvim
- [max397574/better-escape.nvim](https://github.com/max397574/better-escape.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [doctorfree/cheatsheet.nvim](https://github.com/doctorfree/cheatsheet.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols](https://github.com/kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [f3fora/cmp-spell](https://github.com/f3fora/cmp-spell)
- cmp-tabnine
- cmp-tmux
- cmp-treesitter
- cmp-under-comparator
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- copilot-cmp
- copilot.lua
- delaytrain.nvim
- dial.nvim
- diffview.nvim
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- fzy-lua-native
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim](https://github.com/ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim)
- headlines.nvim
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- leap-ast.nvim
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim](https://github.com/lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim)
- [ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- neodim
- neogen
- [karb94/neoscroll.nvim](https://github.com/karb94/neoscroll.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [ojroques/nvim-bufdel](https://github.com/ojroques/nvim-bufdel)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- nvim-comment-frame
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- nvim-neoclip.lua
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- nvim-scrollbar
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-context](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-context)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- nvim-unception
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- oil.nvim
- paint.nvim
- persisted.nvim
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- python-copy-reference.vim
- rainbow-delimiters.nvim
- search-replace.nvim
- smartyank.nvim
- sniprun
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- styler.nvim
- [lambdalisue/suda.vim](https://github.com/lambdalisue/suda.vim)
- swenv.nvim
- syntax-tree-surfer
- tabout.nvim
- telescope-env.nvim
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-live-grep-args.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-live-grep-args.nvim)
- telescope-undo.nvim
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- tmux.nvim
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [Wansmer/treesj](https://github.com/Wansmer/treesj)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- vim-cool
- [junegunn/vim-easy-align](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-easy-align)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- vim-highlighturl
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- vim-log-highlighting
- [andymass/vim-matchup](https://github.com/andymass/vim-matchup)
- [lervag/vimtex](https://github.com/lervag/vimtex)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gelguy/wilder.nvim](https://github.com/gelguy/wilder.nvim)
