info/Cosmic.md, before:

## Cosmic Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Starter](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#starter-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Cosmic`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim](https://github.com/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/plugins/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim](https://dotfyle.com/plugins/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [b0o/SchemaStore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/SchemaStore.nvim)
- [rmagatti/auto-session](https://github.com/rmagatti/auto-session.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [CosmicNvim/cosmic-ui](https://github.com/CosmicNvim/cosmic-ui.git)
- [glepnir/dashboard-nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/dashboard-nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/lightspeed.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/lightspeed.nvim.git)
- [~whynothugo/lsp_lines.nvim](https://git.sr.ht/~whynothugo/lsp_lines.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/nvim-lsp-ts-utils](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/nvim-lsp-ts-utils)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-refactor](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-refactor)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/popup.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/popup.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [voldikss/vim-floaterm](https://github.com/voldikss/vim-floaterm)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Cosmic.md, after:

## Cosmic Neovim Configuration Information

Install 'Node.js', 'prettierd', and 'eslint_d'

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -x Cosmic`
- Configuration category: [Starter](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#starter-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Cosmic`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim](https://github.com/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/plugins/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim](https://dotfyle.com/plugins/CosmicNvim/CosmicNvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [b0o/SchemaStore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/SchemaStore.nvim)
- [rmagatti/auto-session](https://github.com/rmagatti/auto-session.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [CosmicNvim/cosmic-ui](https://github.com/CosmicNvim/cosmic-ui.git)
- [glepnir/dashboard-nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/dashboard-nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/lightspeed.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/lightspeed.nvim.git)
- [~whynothugo/lsp_lines.nvim](https://git.sr.ht/~whynothugo/lsp_lines.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/nvim-lsp-ts-utils](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/nvim-lsp-ts-utils)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-refactor](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-refactor)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/popup.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/popup.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [voldikss/vim-floaterm](https://github.com/voldikss/vim-floaterm)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
