info/Daniel.md, before:

## Daniel Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     [LunarVim](https://www.lunarvim.org)
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Daniel`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/daniel-vera-g/lvim](https://github.com/daniel-vera-g/lvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [Pocco81/AutoSave.nvim](https://github.com/Pocco81/AutoSave.nvim.git)
- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [skywind3000/asyncrun.vim](https://github.com/skywind3000/asyncrun.vim.git)
- [lunarvim/bigfile.nvim](https://github.com/lunarvim/bigfile.nvim.git)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [dkarter/bullets.vim](https://github.com/dkarter/bullets.vim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [ekickx/clipboard-image.nvim](https://github.com/ekickx/clipboard-image.nvim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [lunarvim/colorschemes](https://github.com/lunarvim/colorschemes.git)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot.lua](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot.lua.git)
- [embark-theme/vim](https://github.com/embark-theme/vim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [tamago324/lir.nvim](https://github.com/tamago324/lir.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [lunarvim/lunar.nvim](https://github.com/lunarvim/lunar.nvim.git)
- [rktjmp/lush.nvim](https://github.com/rktjmp/lush.nvim.git)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [antonk52/markdowny.nvim](https://github.com/antonk52/markdowny.nvim.git)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [ramojus/mellifluous.nvim](https://github.com/ramojus/mellifluous.nvim.git)
- [tanvirtin/monokai.nvim](https://github.com/tanvirtin/monokai.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [tamago324/nlsp-settings.nvim](https://github.com/tamago324/nlsp-settings.nvim.git)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [lunarvim/onedarker.nvim](https://github.com/lunarvim/onedarker.nvim.git)
- [tyru/open-browser.vim](https://github.com/tyru/open-browser.vim.git)
- [NLKNguyen/papercolor-theme](https://github.com/NLKNguyen/papercolor-theme.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [weirongxu/plantuml-previewer.vim](https://github.com/weirongxu/plantuml-previewer.vim.git)
- [aklt/plantuml-syntax](https://github.com/aklt/plantuml-syntax.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [b0o/schemastore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/schemastore.nvim)
- [junegunn/seoul256.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/seoul256.vim.git)
- [Tastyep/structlog.nvim](https://github.com/Tastyep/structlog.nvim.git)
- [NTBBloodbath/sweetie.nvim](https://github.com/NTBBloodbath/sweetie.nvim.git)
- [godlygeek/tabular](https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular)
- [renerocksai/telekasten.nvim](https://github.com/renerocksai/telekasten.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/twilight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/twilight.nvim)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [machakann/vim-highlightedyank](https://github.com/machakann/vim-highlightedyank.git)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [preservim/vim-markdown](https://github.com/preservim/vim-markdown)
- [felipec/vim-sanegx](https://github.com/felipec/vim-sanegx.git)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [rottencandy/vimkubectl](https://github.com/rottencandy/vimkubectl.git)
- [preservim/vimux](https://github.com/preservim/vimux.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gelguy/wilder.nvim](https://github.com/gelguy/wilder.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Daniel.md, after:

## Daniel Neovim Configuration Information

'LunarVim' based config of Daniel Vera Gilliard

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w Daniel`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     [LunarVim](https://www.lunarvim.org)
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Daniel`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/daniel-vera-g/lvim](https://github.com/daniel-vera-g/lvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [Pocco81/AutoSave.nvim](https://github.com/Pocco81/AutoSave.nvim.git)
- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [skywind3000/asyncrun.vim](https://github.com/skywind3000/asyncrun.vim.git)
- [lunarvim/bigfile.nvim](https://github.com/lunarvim/bigfile.nvim.git)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [dkarter/bullets.vim](https://github.com/dkarter/bullets.vim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [ekickx/clipboard-image.nvim](https://github.com/ekickx/clipboard-image.nvim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [lunarvim/colorschemes](https://github.com/lunarvim/colorschemes.git)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot.lua](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot.lua.git)
- [embark-theme/vim](https://github.com/embark-theme/vim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [tamago324/lir.nvim](https://github.com/tamago324/lir.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [lunarvim/lunar.nvim](https://github.com/lunarvim/lunar.nvim.git)
- [rktjmp/lush.nvim](https://github.com/rktjmp/lush.nvim.git)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [antonk52/markdowny.nvim](https://github.com/antonk52/markdowny.nvim.git)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [ramojus/mellifluous.nvim](https://github.com/ramojus/mellifluous.nvim.git)
- [tanvirtin/monokai.nvim](https://github.com/tanvirtin/monokai.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [tamago324/nlsp-settings.nvim](https://github.com/tamago324/nlsp-settings.nvim.git)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [lunarvim/onedarker.nvim](https://github.com/lunarvim/onedarker.nvim.git)
- [tyru/open-browser.vim](https://github.com/tyru/open-browser.vim.git)
- [NLKNguyen/papercolor-theme](https://github.com/NLKNguyen/papercolor-theme.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [weirongxu/plantuml-previewer.vim](https://github.com/weirongxu/plantuml-previewer.vim.git)
- [aklt/plantuml-syntax](https://github.com/aklt/plantuml-syntax.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [b0o/schemastore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/schemastore.nvim)
- [junegunn/seoul256.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/seoul256.vim.git)
- [Tastyep/structlog.nvim](https://github.com/Tastyep/structlog.nvim.git)
- [NTBBloodbath/sweetie.nvim](https://github.com/NTBBloodbath/sweetie.nvim.git)
- [godlygeek/tabular](https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular)
- [renerocksai/telekasten.nvim](https://github.com/renerocksai/telekasten.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/twilight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/twilight.nvim)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [machakann/vim-highlightedyank](https://github.com/machakann/vim-highlightedyank.git)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [preservim/vim-markdown](https://github.com/preservim/vim-markdown)
- [felipec/vim-sanegx](https://github.com/felipec/vim-sanegx.git)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [rottencandy/vimkubectl](https://github.com/rottencandy/vimkubectl.git)
- [preservim/vimux](https://github.com/preservim/vimux.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gelguy/wilder.nvim](https://github.com/gelguy/wilder.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)
