info/Elianiva.md, before:

## Elianiva Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Elianiva`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/elianiva/dotfiles](https://github.com/elianiva/dotfiles)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip)
- [gpanders/editorconfig.nvim](https://github.com/gpanders/editorconfig.nvim.git)
- [feline-nvim/feline.nvim](https://github.com/feline-nvim/feline.nvim)
- [ruifm/gitlinker.nvim](https://github.com/ruifm/gitlinker.nvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [phaazon/hop.nvim](https://github.com/phaazon/hop.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua](https://github.com/akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [yorickpeterse/nvim-pqf](https://gitlab.com/yorickpeterse/nvim-pqf)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/popup.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/popup.nvim)
- [AndrewRadev/splitjoin.vim](https://github.com/AndrewRadev/splitjoin.vim.git)
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- [tweekmonster/startuptime.vim](https://github.com/tweekmonster/startuptime.vim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [junegunn/vim-easy-align](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-easy-align)
- [andymass/vim-matchup](https://github.com/andymass/vim-matchup)
- [machakann/vim-sandwich](https://github.com/machakann/vim-sandwich.git)
- [mhinz/vim-sayonara](https://github.com/mhinz/vim-sayonara.git)
- [hrsh7th/vim-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/vim-vsnip)
- [Mofiqul/vscode.nvim](https://github.com/Mofiqul/vscode.nvim.git)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Elianiva.md, after:

## Elianiva Neovim Configuration Information

Personal Neovim configuration of Dicha Zelianivan Arkana

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w Elianiva`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Elianiva`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/elianiva/dotfiles](https://github.com/elianiva/dotfiles)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip)
- [gpanders/editorconfig.nvim](https://github.com/gpanders/editorconfig.nvim.git)
- [feline-nvim/feline.nvim](https://github.com/feline-nvim/feline.nvim)
- [ruifm/gitlinker.nvim](https://github.com/ruifm/gitlinker.nvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [phaazon/hop.nvim](https://github.com/phaazon/hop.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua](https://github.com/akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [yorickpeterse/nvim-pqf](https://gitlab.com/yorickpeterse/nvim-pqf)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/popup.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/popup.nvim)
- [AndrewRadev/splitjoin.vim](https://github.com/AndrewRadev/splitjoin.vim.git)
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- [tweekmonster/startuptime.vim](https://github.com/tweekmonster/startuptime.vim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [junegunn/vim-easy-align](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-easy-align)
- [andymass/vim-matchup](https://github.com/andymass/vim-matchup)
- [machakann/vim-sandwich](https://github.com/machakann/vim-sandwich.git)
- [mhinz/vim-sayonara](https://github.com/mhinz/vim-sayonara.git)
- [hrsh7th/vim-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/vim-vsnip)
- [Mofiqul/vscode.nvim](https://github.com/Mofiqul/vscode.nvim.git)
