info/Heiker.md, before:

## Heiker Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Heiker`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/VonHeikemen/dotfiles](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/dotfiles)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [dyng/ctrlsf.vim](https://github.com/dyng/ctrlsf.vim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/fine-cmdline.nvim](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/fine-cmdline.nvim.git)
- [ggandor/flit.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/flit.nvim)
- [junegunn/goyo.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/goyo.vim.git)
- [NMAC427/guess-indent.nvim](https://github.com/NMAC427/guess-indent.nvim.git)
- [ThePrimeagen/harpoon](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/harpoon)
- [othree/html5.vim](https://github.com/othree/html5.vim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [tamago324/lir.nvim](https://github.com/tamago324/lir.nvim.git)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bracketed](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bracketed.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bufremove](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bufremove.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.surround](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.surround.git)
- [TimUntersberger/neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/searchbox.nvim](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/searchbox.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzy-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzy-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/the-good-snippets](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/the-good-snippets.git)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [tpope/vim-abolish](https://github.com/tpope/vim-abolish.git)
- [pangloss/vim-javascript](https://github.com/pangloss/vim-javascript.git)
- [romainl/vim-qf](https://github.com/romainl/vim-qf)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [lumiliet/vim-twig](https://github.com/lumiliet/vim-twig.git)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Heiker.md, after:

## Heiker Neovim Configuration Information

Neovim config of Heiker Curiel, author of [lsp-zero](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim)

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w Heiker`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Heiker`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/VonHeikemen/dotfiles](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/dotfiles)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [dyng/ctrlsf.vim](https://github.com/dyng/ctrlsf.vim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/fine-cmdline.nvim](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/fine-cmdline.nvim.git)
- [ggandor/flit.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/flit.nvim)
- [junegunn/goyo.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/goyo.vim.git)
- [NMAC427/guess-indent.nvim](https://github.com/NMAC427/guess-indent.nvim.git)
- [ThePrimeagen/harpoon](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/harpoon)
- [othree/html5.vim](https://github.com/othree/html5.vim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [tamago324/lir.nvim](https://github.com/tamago324/lir.nvim.git)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bracketed](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bracketed.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bufremove](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bufremove.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.surround](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.surround.git)
- [TimUntersberger/neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/searchbox.nvim](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/searchbox.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzy-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzy-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/the-good-snippets](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/the-good-snippets.git)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [tpope/vim-abolish](https://github.com/tpope/vim-abolish.git)
- [pangloss/vim-javascript](https://github.com/pangloss/vim-javascript.git)
- [romainl/vim-qf](https://github.com/romainl/vim-qf)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [lumiliet/vim-twig](https://github.com/lumiliet/vim-twig.git)
