info/Knvim.md, before:

## Knvim Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Knvim`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/knmac/knvim](https://github.com/knmac/knvim)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/knmac/knvim](https://dotfyle.com/knmac/knvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [romgrk/barbar.nvim](https://github.com/romgrk/barbar.nvim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-calc](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-calc)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [nvim-zh/colorful-winsep.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-zh/colorful-winsep.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [danymat/neogen](https://github.com/danymat/neogen.git)
- [Shatur/neovim-session-manager](https://github.com/Shatur/neovim-session-manager)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [LiadOz/nvim-dap-repl-highlights](https://github.com/LiadOz/nvim-dap-repl-highlights.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [HiPhish/nvim-ts-rainbow2](https://github.com/HiPhish/nvim-ts-rainbow2.git)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker](https://github.com/s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [rlane/pounce.nvim](https://github.com/rlane/pounce.nvim.git)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim](https://github.com/luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim)
- [AckslD/swenv.nvim](https://github.com/AckslD/swenv.nvim.git)
- [simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-bibtex.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-bibtex.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [junegunn/vim-easy-align](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-easy-align)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [dmmulroy/vim-kitty-navigator](https://github.com/dmmulroy/vim-kitty-navigator)
- [andymass/vim-matchup](https://github.com/andymass/vim-matchup)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Knvim.md, after:

## Knvim Neovim Configuration Information

Targets Python, Bash, LaTeX, Markdown, and C/C++. See the [Knvim Config Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/knmac/knvim/blob/main/res/cheatsheet.md)

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -L Knvim`
- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Knvim`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/knmac/knvim](https://github.com/knmac/knvim)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/knmac/knvim](https://dotfyle.com/knmac/knvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [romgrk/barbar.nvim](https://github.com/romgrk/barbar.nvim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-calc](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-calc)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [nvim-zh/colorful-winsep.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-zh/colorful-winsep.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [danymat/neogen](https://github.com/danymat/neogen.git)
- [Shatur/neovim-session-manager](https://github.com/Shatur/neovim-session-manager)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [LiadOz/nvim-dap-repl-highlights](https://github.com/LiadOz/nvim-dap-repl-highlights.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [HiPhish/nvim-ts-rainbow2](https://github.com/HiPhish/nvim-ts-rainbow2.git)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker](https://github.com/s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [rlane/pounce.nvim](https://github.com/rlane/pounce.nvim.git)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim](https://github.com/luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim)
- [AckslD/swenv.nvim](https://github.com/AckslD/swenv.nvim.git)
- [simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-bibtex.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-bibtex.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [junegunn/vim-easy-align](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-easy-align)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [dmmulroy/vim-kitty-navigator](https://github.com/dmmulroy/vim-kitty-navigator)
- [andymass/vim-matchup](https://github.com/andymass/vim-matchup)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)
