info/LaTeX.md, before:

## LaTeX Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-LaTeX`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/benbrastmckie/.config](https://github.com/benbrastmckie/.config)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/benbrastmckie/.config](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/benbrastmckie/.config)

### Packer managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [gaoDean/autolist.nvim](https://github.com/gaoDean/autolist.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols](https://github.com/kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-omni](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-omni)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [f3fora/cmp-spell](https://github.com/f3fora/cmp-spell)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [glacambre/firenvim](https://github.com/glacambre/firenvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim](https://github.com/ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim)
- [lewis6991/impatient.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/impatient.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim)
- [jbyuki/nabla.nvim](https://github.com/jbyuki/nabla.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [Shatur/neovim-session-manager](https://github.com/Shatur/neovim-session-manager)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-tree/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-web-devicons)
- [wbthomason/packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-bibtex.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-bibtex.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [mbbill/undotree](https://github.com/mbbill/undotree)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [lervag/vimtex](https://github.com/lervag/vimtex)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gbprod/yanky.nvim](https://github.com/gbprod/yanky.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/LaTeX.md, after:

## LaTeX Neovim Configuration Information

Neovim configuration optimized for writing in LaTeX. Personal Neovim configuration of [Benjamin Brast-McKie](http://www.benbrastmckie.com). Keymaps and more described in the configuration [Cheatsheet](https://github.com/benbrastmckie/.config/blob/master/CheatSheet.md). Blog article by the author detailing [tools used by his configuration](http://www.benbrastmckie.com/tools#access). [Video playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ct2S65kpjQ&list=PLBYZ1xfnKeDRhCoaM4bTFrjCl3NKDBvqk) of tutorials on using this config for writing LaTeX in Neovim

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -L LaTeX`
- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-LaTeX`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/benbrastmckie/.config](https://github.com/benbrastmckie/.config)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/benbrastmckie/.config](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/benbrastmckie/.config)

### Packer managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [gaoDean/autolist.nvim](https://github.com/gaoDean/autolist.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols](https://github.com/kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-omni](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-omni)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [f3fora/cmp-spell](https://github.com/f3fora/cmp-spell)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [glacambre/firenvim](https://github.com/glacambre/firenvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim](https://github.com/ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim)
- [lewis6991/impatient.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/impatient.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim)
- [jbyuki/nabla.nvim](https://github.com/jbyuki/nabla.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [Shatur/neovim-session-manager](https://github.com/Shatur/neovim-session-manager)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-tree/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-web-devicons)
- [wbthomason/packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-bibtex.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-bibtex.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [mbbill/undotree](https://github.com/mbbill/undotree)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [lervag/vimtex](https://github.com/lervag/vimtex)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gbprod/yanky.nvim](https://github.com/gbprod/yanky.nvim)
