info/Lazyman.md, before:

## Lazyman Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Default](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#lazyman-neovim-configuration-features)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Lazyman`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman](https://dotfyle.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim](https://github.com/jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim.git)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [numToStr/Navigator.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Navigator.nvim)
- [doctorfree/SetColorSchemes.vim](https://github.com/doctorfree/SetColorSchemes.vim)
- [stevearc/aerial.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/aerial.nvim)
- [doctorfree/asciiart.nvim](https://github.com/doctorfree/asciiart.nvim.git)
- [alanfortlink/blackjack.nvim](https://github.com/alanfortlink/blackjack.nvim)
- [crusj/bookmarks.nvim](https://github.com/crusj/bookmarks.nvim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [eandrju/cellular-automaton.nvim](https://github.com/eandrju/cellular-automaton.nvim)
- [doctorfree/cheatsheet.nvim](https://github.com/doctorfree/cheatsheet.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-calc](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-calc)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [jcdickinson/codeium.nvim](https://github.com/jcdickinson/codeium.nvim)
- [loctvl842/compile-nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/compile-nvim.git)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot-cmp](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot-cmp.git)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot.lua](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot.lua.git)
- [glepnir/dashboard-nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/dashboard-nvim)
- [Mofiqul/dracula.nvim](https://github.com/Mofiqul/dracula.nvim)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [folke/drop.nvim](https://github.com/folke/drop.nvim.git)
- [neanias/everforest-nvim](https://github.com/neanias/everforest-nvim)
- [ggandor/flit.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/flit.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [romgrk/fzy-lua-native](https://github.com/romgrk/fzy-lua-native.git)
- [wintermute-cell/gitignore.nvim](https://github.com/wintermute-cell/gitignore.nvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [junegunn/gv.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/gv.vim)
- [letieu/hacker.nvim](https://github.com/letieu/hacker.nvim)
- [rebelot/kanagawa.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/kanagawa.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim](https://github.com/lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim)
- [ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [arkav/lualine-lsp-progress](https://github.com/arkav/lualine-lsp-progress)
- [meuter/lualine-so-fancy.nvim](https://github.com/meuter/lualine-so-fancy.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [RubixDev/mason-update-all](https://github.com/RubixDev/mason-update-all)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [Bryley/neoai.nvim](https://github.com/Bryley/neoai.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [TimUntersberger/neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
- [nvim-neorg/neorg](https://github.com/nvim-neorg/neorg)
- [karb94/neoscroll.nvim](https://github.com/karb94/neoscroll.nvim)
- [EdenEast/nightfox.nvim](https://github.com/EdenEast/nightfox.nvim)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [weilbith/nvim-code-action-menu](https://github.com/weilbith/nvim-code-action-menu)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [ldelossa/nvim-ide](https://github.com/ldelossa/nvim-ide.git)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/nvim-lsp-ts-utils](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/nvim-lsp-ts-utils)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise](https://github.com/RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-ts-hint-textobject](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-ts-hint-textobject)
- [mrjones2014/nvim-ts-rainbow](https://github.com/mrjones2014/nvim-ts-rainbow)
- [sam4llis/nvim-tundra](https://github.com/sam4llis/nvim-tundra)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker](https://github.com/s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker)
- [epwalsh/obsidian.nvim](https://github.com/epwalsh/obsidian.nvim)
- [pwntester/octo.nvim](https://github.com/pwntester/octo.nvim)
- [olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim](https://github.com/olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim)
- [toppair/peek.nvim](https://github.com/toppair/peek.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/popup.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/popup.nvim)
- [jedrzejboczar/possession.nvim](https://github.com/jedrzejboczar/possession.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [filipdutescu/renamer.nvim](https://github.com/filipdutescu/renamer.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/rnvimr](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/rnvimr)
- [b0o/schemastore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/schemastore.nvim)
- [GeekMasher/securitree.nvim](https://github.com/GeekMasher/securitree.nvim.git)
- [sunjon/shade.nvim](https://github.com/sunjon/shade.nvim)
- [m4xshen/smartcolumn.nvim](https://github.com/m4xshen/smartcolumn.nvim)
- [luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim](https://github.com/luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim)
- [jim-fx/sudoku.nvim](https://github.com/jim-fx/sudoku.nvim)
- [simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim)
- [kdheepak/tabline.nvim](https://github.com/kdheepak/tabline.nvim)
- [godlygeek/tabular](https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim](https://github.com/crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim)
- [ptethng/telescope-makefile](https://github.com/ptethng/telescope-makefile)
- [dharmx/telescope-media.nvim](https://github.com/dharmx/telescope-media.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide](https://github.com/jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [rebelot/terminal.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/terminal.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [Wansmer/treesj](https://github.com/Wansmer/treesj)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [folke/twilight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/twilight.nvim)
- [moll/vim-bbye](https://github.com/moll/vim-bbye)
- [ThePrimeagen/vim-be-good](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/vim-be-good)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [preservim/vim-markdown](https://github.com/preservim/vim-markdown)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [dstein64/vim-startuptime](https://github.com/dstein64/vim-startuptime)
- [mg979/vim-visual-multi](https://github.com/mg979/vim-visual-multi.git)
- [wakatime/vim-wakatime](https://github.com/wakatime/vim-wakatime.git)
- [lukas-reineke/virt-column.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/virt-column.nvim)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gelguy/wilder.nvim](https://github.com/gelguy/wilder.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Lazyman.md, after:

## Lazyman Neovim Configuration Information

Neovim configuration of Dr. Ronald Joe Record

- Install and initialize: `Installed and initialized by default`
- Configuration category: [Default](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#lazyman-neovim-configuration-features)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Lazyman`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman](https://dotfyle.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim](https://github.com/jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim.git)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [numToStr/Navigator.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Navigator.nvim)
- [doctorfree/SetColorSchemes.vim](https://github.com/doctorfree/SetColorSchemes.vim)
- [stevearc/aerial.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/aerial.nvim)
- [doctorfree/asciiart.nvim](https://github.com/doctorfree/asciiart.nvim.git)
- [alanfortlink/blackjack.nvim](https://github.com/alanfortlink/blackjack.nvim)
- [crusj/bookmarks.nvim](https://github.com/crusj/bookmarks.nvim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [eandrju/cellular-automaton.nvim](https://github.com/eandrju/cellular-automaton.nvim)
- [doctorfree/cheatsheet.nvim](https://github.com/doctorfree/cheatsheet.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-calc](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-calc)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [jcdickinson/codeium.nvim](https://github.com/jcdickinson/codeium.nvim)
- [loctvl842/compile-nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/compile-nvim.git)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot-cmp](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot-cmp.git)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot.lua](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot.lua.git)
- [glepnir/dashboard-nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/dashboard-nvim)
- [Mofiqul/dracula.nvim](https://github.com/Mofiqul/dracula.nvim)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [folke/drop.nvim](https://github.com/folke/drop.nvim.git)
- [neanias/everforest-nvim](https://github.com/neanias/everforest-nvim)
- [ggandor/flit.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/flit.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [romgrk/fzy-lua-native](https://github.com/romgrk/fzy-lua-native.git)
- [wintermute-cell/gitignore.nvim](https://github.com/wintermute-cell/gitignore.nvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [junegunn/gv.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/gv.vim)
- [letieu/hacker.nvim](https://github.com/letieu/hacker.nvim)
- [rebelot/kanagawa.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/kanagawa.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim](https://github.com/lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim)
- [ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [arkav/lualine-lsp-progress](https://github.com/arkav/lualine-lsp-progress)
- [meuter/lualine-so-fancy.nvim](https://github.com/meuter/lualine-so-fancy.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [RubixDev/mason-update-all](https://github.com/RubixDev/mason-update-all)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [Bryley/neoai.nvim](https://github.com/Bryley/neoai.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [TimUntersberger/neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
- [nvim-neorg/neorg](https://github.com/nvim-neorg/neorg)
- [karb94/neoscroll.nvim](https://github.com/karb94/neoscroll.nvim)
- [EdenEast/nightfox.nvim](https://github.com/EdenEast/nightfox.nvim)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [weilbith/nvim-code-action-menu](https://github.com/weilbith/nvim-code-action-menu)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [ldelossa/nvim-ide](https://github.com/ldelossa/nvim-ide.git)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/nvim-lsp-ts-utils](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/nvim-lsp-ts-utils)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise](https://github.com/RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-ts-hint-textobject](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-ts-hint-textobject)
- [mrjones2014/nvim-ts-rainbow](https://github.com/mrjones2014/nvim-ts-rainbow)
- [sam4llis/nvim-tundra](https://github.com/sam4llis/nvim-tundra)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker](https://github.com/s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker)
- [epwalsh/obsidian.nvim](https://github.com/epwalsh/obsidian.nvim)
- [pwntester/octo.nvim](https://github.com/pwntester/octo.nvim)
- [olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim](https://github.com/olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim)
- [toppair/peek.nvim](https://github.com/toppair/peek.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/popup.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/popup.nvim)
- [jedrzejboczar/possession.nvim](https://github.com/jedrzejboczar/possession.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [filipdutescu/renamer.nvim](https://github.com/filipdutescu/renamer.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/rnvimr](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/rnvimr)
- [b0o/schemastore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/schemastore.nvim)
- [GeekMasher/securitree.nvim](https://github.com/GeekMasher/securitree.nvim.git)
- [sunjon/shade.nvim](https://github.com/sunjon/shade.nvim)
- [m4xshen/smartcolumn.nvim](https://github.com/m4xshen/smartcolumn.nvim)
- [luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim](https://github.com/luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim)
- [jim-fx/sudoku.nvim](https://github.com/jim-fx/sudoku.nvim)
- [simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim)
- [kdheepak/tabline.nvim](https://github.com/kdheepak/tabline.nvim)
- [godlygeek/tabular](https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim](https://github.com/crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim)
- [ptethng/telescope-makefile](https://github.com/ptethng/telescope-makefile)
- [dharmx/telescope-media.nvim](https://github.com/dharmx/telescope-media.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide](https://github.com/jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [rebelot/terminal.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/terminal.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [Wansmer/treesj](https://github.com/Wansmer/treesj)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [folke/twilight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/twilight.nvim)
- [moll/vim-bbye](https://github.com/moll/vim-bbye)
- [ThePrimeagen/vim-be-good](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/vim-be-good)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [preservim/vim-markdown](https://github.com/preservim/vim-markdown)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [dstein64/vim-startuptime](https://github.com/dstein64/vim-startuptime)
- [mg979/vim-visual-multi](https://github.com/mg979/vim-visual-multi.git)
- [wakatime/vim-wakatime](https://github.com/wakatime/vim-wakatime.git)
- [lukas-reineke/virt-column.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/virt-column.nvim)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gelguy/wilder.nvim](https://github.com/gelguy/wilder.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)
