info/LazyVim.md, before:

## LazyVim Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Base](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#base-configurations)
- Base configuration:     [LazyVim](https://lazyvim.github.io)
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-LazyVim`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/LazyVim LazyVim/starter](https://github.com/LazyVim LazyVim/starter)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [LazyVim/LazyVim](https://github.com/LazyVim/LazyVim.git)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [ggandor/flit.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/flit.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bufremove](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bufremove.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [echasnovski/mini.pairs](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.pairs.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.surround](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.surround.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neoconf.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neoconf.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [nvim-pack/nvim-spectre](https://github.com/nvim-pack/nvim-spectre.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [dstein64/vim-startuptime](https://github.com/dstein64/vim-startuptime)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/LazyVim.md, after:

## LazyVim Neovim Configuration Information

The [LazyVim starter](https://github.com/LazyVim/starter) configuration

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -l`
- Configuration category: [Base](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#base-configurations)
- Base configuration:     [LazyVim](https://lazyvim.github.io)
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-LazyVim`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/LazyVim LazyVim/starter](https://github.com/LazyVim LazyVim/starter)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [LazyVim/LazyVim](https://github.com/LazyVim/LazyVim.git)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [ggandor/flit.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/flit.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bufremove](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bufremove.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [echasnovski/mini.pairs](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.pairs.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.surround](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.surround.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neoconf.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neoconf.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [nvim-pack/nvim-spectre](https://github.com/nvim-pack/nvim-spectre.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [dstein64/vim-startuptime](https://github.com/dstein64/vim-startuptime)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
