info/LazyIde.md, before:

## LazyIde Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     [LazyVim](https://lazyvim.github.io)
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-LazyIde`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-LazyIde](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-LazyIde)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim](https://github.com/antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim)
- [LazyVim/LazyVim](https://github.com/LazyVim/LazyVim.git)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [b0o/SchemaStore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/SchemaStore.nvim)
- [stevearc/aerial.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/aerial.nvim)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [max397574/better-escape.nvim](https://github.com/max397574/better-escape.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [tzachar/cmp-tabnine](https://github.com/tzachar/cmp-tabnine.git)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [narutoxy/dim.lua](https://github.com/narutoxy/dim.lua.git)
- [Mofiqul/dracula.nvim](https://github.com/Mofiqul/dracula.nvim)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [folke/edgy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/edgy.nvim.git)
- [neanias/everforest-nvim](https://github.com/neanias/everforest-nvim)
- [ggandor/flit.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/flit.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/fold-preview.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/fold-preview.nvim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [m4xshen/hardtime.nvim](https://github.com/m4xshen/hardtime.nvim.git)
- [ThePrimeagen/harpoon](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/harpoon)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [rebelot/kanagawa.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/kanagawa.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/keymap-amend.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/keymap-amend.nvim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim](https://github.com/lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim)
- [VidocqH/lsp-lens.nvim](https://github.com/VidocqH/lsp-lens.nvim.git)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [RubixDev/mason-update-all](https://github.com/RubixDev/mason-update-all)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bufremove](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bufremove.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.hipatterns](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.hipatterns.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [echasnovski/mini.pairs](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.pairs.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.surround](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.surround.git)
- [loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim)
- [jellydn/my-note.nvim](https://github.com/jellydn/my-note.nvim.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [karb94/neoscroll.nvim](https://github.com/karb94/neoscroll.nvim)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [markemmons/neotest-deno](https://github.com/markemmons/neotest-deno.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-go](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-go.git)
- [haydenmeade/neotest-jest](https://github.com/haydenmeade/neotest-jest.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-python](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-python)
- [rouge8/neotest-rust](https://github.com/rouge8/neotest-rust.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [marilari88/neotest-vitest](https://github.com/marilari88/neotest-vitest.git)
- [EdenEast/nightfox.nvim](https://github.com/EdenEast/nightfox.nvim)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [weilbith/nvim-code-action-menu](https://github.com/weilbith/nvim-code-action-menu)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [sam4llis/nvim-tundra](https://github.com/sam4llis/nvim-tundra)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim](https://github.com/olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim)
- [olimorris/persisted.nvim](https://github.com/olimorris/persisted.nvim.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [previm/previm](https://github.com/previm/previm.git)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim.git)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [ray-x/sad.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/sad.nvim.git)
- [b0o/schemastore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/schemastore.nvim)
- [cshuaimin/ssr.nvim](https://github.com/cshuaimin/ssr.nvim)
- [luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim](https://github.com/luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim)
- [roobert/tailwindcss-colorizer-cmp.nvim](https://github.com/roobert/tailwindcss-colorizer-cmp.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim](https://github.com/crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim)
- [ptethng/telescope-makefile](https://github.com/ptethng/telescope-makefile)
- [dharmx/telescope-media.nvim](https://github.com/dharmx/telescope-media.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide](https://github.com/jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [rebelot/terminal.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/terminal.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [folke/twilight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/twilight.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim)
- [mbbill/undotree](https://github.com/mbbill/undotree)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [heavenshell/vim-jsdoc](https://github.com/heavenshell/vim-jsdoc.git)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [dstein64/vim-startuptime](https://github.com/dstein64/vim-startuptime)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [wakatime/vim-wakatime](https://github.com/wakatime/vim-wakatime.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/LazyIde.md, after:

## LazyIde Neovim Configuration Information

LazyVim IDE config for Neovim

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -L LazyIde`
- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     [LazyVim](https://lazyvim.github.io)
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-LazyIde`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-LazyIde](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-LazyIde)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim](https://github.com/antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim)
- [LazyVim/LazyVim](https://github.com/LazyVim/LazyVim.git)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [b0o/SchemaStore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/SchemaStore.nvim)
- [stevearc/aerial.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/aerial.nvim)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [max397574/better-escape.nvim](https://github.com/max397574/better-escape.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [tzachar/cmp-tabnine](https://github.com/tzachar/cmp-tabnine.git)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [narutoxy/dim.lua](https://github.com/narutoxy/dim.lua.git)
- [Mofiqul/dracula.nvim](https://github.com/Mofiqul/dracula.nvim)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [folke/edgy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/edgy.nvim.git)
- [neanias/everforest-nvim](https://github.com/neanias/everforest-nvim)
- [ggandor/flit.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/flit.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/fold-preview.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/fold-preview.nvim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [m4xshen/hardtime.nvim](https://github.com/m4xshen/hardtime.nvim.git)
- [ThePrimeagen/harpoon](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/harpoon)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [rebelot/kanagawa.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/kanagawa.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/keymap-amend.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/keymap-amend.nvim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ggandor/leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
- [lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim](https://github.com/lvimuser/lsp-inlayhints.nvim)
- [VidocqH/lsp-lens.nvim](https://github.com/VidocqH/lsp-lens.nvim.git)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [RubixDev/mason-update-all](https://github.com/RubixDev/mason-update-all)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bufremove](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bufremove.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.hipatterns](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.hipatterns.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [echasnovski/mini.pairs](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.pairs.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.surround](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.surround.git)
- [loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim)
- [jellydn/my-note.nvim](https://github.com/jellydn/my-note.nvim.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [karb94/neoscroll.nvim](https://github.com/karb94/neoscroll.nvim)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [markemmons/neotest-deno](https://github.com/markemmons/neotest-deno.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-go](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-go.git)
- [haydenmeade/neotest-jest](https://github.com/haydenmeade/neotest-jest.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-python](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-python)
- [rouge8/neotest-rust](https://github.com/rouge8/neotest-rust.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [marilari88/neotest-vitest](https://github.com/marilari88/neotest-vitest.git)
- [EdenEast/nightfox.nvim](https://github.com/EdenEast/nightfox.nvim)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [weilbith/nvim-code-action-menu](https://github.com/weilbith/nvim-code-action-menu)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [sam4llis/nvim-tundra](https://github.com/sam4llis/nvim-tundra)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim](https://github.com/olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim)
- [olimorris/persisted.nvim](https://github.com/olimorris/persisted.nvim.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [previm/previm](https://github.com/previm/previm.git)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim.git)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [ray-x/sad.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/sad.nvim.git)
- [b0o/schemastore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/schemastore.nvim)
- [cshuaimin/ssr.nvim](https://github.com/cshuaimin/ssr.nvim)
- [luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim](https://github.com/luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim)
- [roobert/tailwindcss-colorizer-cmp.nvim](https://github.com/roobert/tailwindcss-colorizer-cmp.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim](https://github.com/crispgm/telescope-heading.nvim)
- [ptethng/telescope-makefile](https://github.com/ptethng/telescope-makefile)
- [dharmx/telescope-media.nvim](https://github.com/dharmx/telescope-media.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-symbols.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide](https://github.com/jvgrootveld/telescope-zoxide)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [rebelot/terminal.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/terminal.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [folke/twilight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/twilight.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim)
- [mbbill/undotree](https://github.com/mbbill/undotree)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [heavenshell/vim-jsdoc](https://github.com/heavenshell/vim-jsdoc.git)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [dstein64/vim-startuptime](https://github.com/dstein64/vim-startuptime)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [wakatime/vim-wakatime](https://github.com/wakatime/vim-wakatime.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)
