info/LvimIde.md, before:

## LvimIde Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-LvimIde`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/lvim-tech/lvim](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/lvim-tech/lvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [numToStr/Navigator.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Navigator.nvim)
- [ecthelionvi/NeoComposer.nvim](https://github.com/ecthelionvi/NeoComposer.nvim.git)
- [nyngwang/NeoZoom.lua](https://github.com/nyngwang/NeoZoom.lua.git)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [pechorin/any-jump.vim](https://github.com/pechorin/any-jump.vim.git)
- [renerocksai/calendar-vim](https://github.com/renerocksai/calendar-vim.git)
- [uga-rosa/ccc.nvim](https://github.com/uga-rosa/ccc.nvim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols](https://github.com/kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [CRAG666/code_runner.nvim](https://github.com/CRAG666/code_runner.nvim.git)
- [Saecki/crates.nvim](https://github.com/Saecki/crates.nvim.git)
- [monaqa/dial.nvim](https://github.com/monaqa/dial.nvim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [elihunter173/dirbuf.nvim](https://github.com/elihunter173/dirbuf.nvim.git)
- [folke/flash.nvim](https://github.com/folke/flash.nvim.git)
- [akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/fold-preview.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/fold-preview.nvim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [junegunn/fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [ibhagwan/fzf-lua](https://github.com/ibhagwan/fzf-lua.git)
- [wintermute-cell/gitignore.nvim](https://github.com/wintermute-cell/gitignore.nvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [DNLHC/glance.nvim](https://github.com/DNLHC/glance.nvim.git)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [rebelot/heirline.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/heirline.nvim.git)
- [anuvyklack/hydra.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/hydra.nvim.git)
- [smjonas/inc-rename.nvim](https://github.com/smjonas/inc-rename.nvim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-colorscheme](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-colorscheme.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-fm](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-fm.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-forgit](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-forgit.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-helper](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-helper.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-linguistics](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-linguistics.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-move](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-move.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-org-utils](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-org-utils.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-qf-loc](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-qf-loc.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-shell](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-shell.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-ui-config](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-ui-config.git)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.files](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.files.git)
- [mrbjarksen/neo-tree-diagnostics.nvim](https://github.com/mrbjarksen/neo-tree-diagnostics.nvim.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neoconf.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neoconf.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [danymat/neogen](https://github.com/danymat/neogen.git)
- [TimUntersberger/neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [sidlatau/neotest-dart](https://github.com/sidlatau/neotest-dart.git)
- [jfpedroza/neotest-elixir](https://github.com/jfpedroza/neotest-elixir.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-go](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-go.git)
- [MrcJkb/neotest-haskell](https://github.com/MrcJkb/neotest-haskell.git)
- [olimorris/neotest-phpunit](https://github.com/olimorris/neotest-phpunit.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-python](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-python)
- [rouge8/neotest-rust](https://github.com/rouge8/neotest-rust.git)
- [prichrd/netrw.nvim](https://github.com/prichrd/netrw.nvim.git)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf.git)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js](https://github.com/mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js.git)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-hlslens](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-hlslens.git)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls)
- [ethanholz/nvim-lastplace](https://github.com/ethanholz/nvim-lastplace.git)
- [kosayoda/nvim-lightbulb](https://github.com/kosayoda/nvim-lightbulb)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [scalameta/nvim-metals](https://github.com/scalameta/nvim-metals.git)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navbuddy](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navbuddy.git)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [gennaro-tedesco/nvim-peekup](https://github.com/gennaro-tedesco/nvim-peekup.git)
- [yorickpeterse/nvim-pqf](https://github.com/yorickpeterse/nvim-pqf.git)
- [windwp/nvim-spectre](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-spectre.git)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-context](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-context)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [chrisgrieser/nvim-various-textobjs](https://github.com/chrisgrieser/nvim-various-textobjs.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker](https://github.com/s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker)
- [pwntester/octo.nvim](https://github.com/pwntester/octo.nvim)
- [jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind](https://github.com/jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind.git)
- [nvim-orgmode/orgmode](https://github.com/nvim-orgmode/orgmode.git)
- [vuki656/package-info.nvim](https://github.com/vuki656/package-info.nvim.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/popup.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/popup.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/pretty-fold.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/pretty-fold.nvim.git)
- [akinsho/pubspec-assist.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/pubspec-assist.nvim.git)
- [neanias/everforest-nvim](https://github.com/neanias/everforest-nvim)
- [winston0410/rg.nvim](https://github.com/winston0410/rg.nvim.git)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [michaelb/sniprun](https://github.com/michaelb/sniprun.git)
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- [gbprod/stay-in-place.nvim](https://github.com/gbprod/stay-in-place.nvim.git)
- [simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim)
- [nanozuki/tabby.nvim](https://github.com/nanozuki/tabby.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [camgraff/telescope-tmux.nvim](https://github.com/camgraff/telescope-tmux.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/twilight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/twilight.nvim)
- [mbbill/undotree](https://github.com/mbbill/undotree)
- [ton/vim-bufsurf](https://github.com/ton/vim-bufsurf.git)
- [vim-ctrlspace/vim-ctrlspace](https://github.com/vim-ctrlspace/vim-ctrlspace.git)
- [tpope/vim-dadbod](https://github.com/tpope/vim-dadbod.git)
- [kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-completion](https://github.com/kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-completion.git)
- [kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-ui](https://github.com/kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-ui.git)
- [dhruvasagar/vim-table-mode](https://github.com/dhruvasagar/vim-table-mode.git)
- [lervag/vimtex](https://github.com/lervag/vimtex)
- [sindrets/winshift.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/winshift.nvim.git)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/LvimIde.md, after:

## LvimIde Neovim Configuration Information

Not to be confused with 'LunarVim', this is a standalone Neovim configuration. Modular configuration with LSP support for 60+ languages. Debug support for c, cpp, dart, elixir, go, haskell, java, javascript/typescript, lua, php, python, ruby, rust

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -L LvimIde`
- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-LvimIde`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/lvim-tech/lvim](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/lvim-tech/lvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [numToStr/Navigator.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Navigator.nvim)
- [ecthelionvi/NeoComposer.nvim](https://github.com/ecthelionvi/NeoComposer.nvim.git)
- [nyngwang/NeoZoom.lua](https://github.com/nyngwang/NeoZoom.lua.git)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [pechorin/any-jump.vim](https://github.com/pechorin/any-jump.vim.git)
- [renerocksai/calendar-vim](https://github.com/renerocksai/calendar-vim.git)
- [uga-rosa/ccc.nvim](https://github.com/uga-rosa/ccc.nvim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols](https://github.com/kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [CRAG666/code_runner.nvim](https://github.com/CRAG666/code_runner.nvim.git)
- [Saecki/crates.nvim](https://github.com/Saecki/crates.nvim.git)
- [monaqa/dial.nvim](https://github.com/monaqa/dial.nvim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [elihunter173/dirbuf.nvim](https://github.com/elihunter173/dirbuf.nvim.git)
- [folke/flash.nvim](https://github.com/folke/flash.nvim.git)
- [akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/fold-preview.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/fold-preview.nvim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [junegunn/fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [ibhagwan/fzf-lua](https://github.com/ibhagwan/fzf-lua.git)
- [wintermute-cell/gitignore.nvim](https://github.com/wintermute-cell/gitignore.nvim)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [DNLHC/glance.nvim](https://github.com/DNLHC/glance.nvim.git)
- [ray-x/go.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/go.nvim)
- [ray-x/guihua.lua](https://github.com/ray-x/guihua.lua)
- [rebelot/heirline.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/heirline.nvim.git)
- [anuvyklack/hydra.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/hydra.nvim.git)
- [smjonas/inc-rename.nvim](https://github.com/smjonas/inc-rename.nvim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-colorscheme](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-colorscheme.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-fm](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-fm.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-forgit](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-forgit.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-helper](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-helper.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-linguistics](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-linguistics.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-move](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-move.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-org-utils](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-org-utils.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-qf-loc](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-qf-loc.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-shell](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-shell.git)
- [lvim-tech/lvim-ui-config](https://github.com/lvim-tech/lvim-ui-config.git)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.files](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.files.git)
- [mrbjarksen/neo-tree-diagnostics.nvim](https://github.com/mrbjarksen/neo-tree-diagnostics.nvim.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neoconf.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neoconf.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [danymat/neogen](https://github.com/danymat/neogen.git)
- [TimUntersberger/neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [sidlatau/neotest-dart](https://github.com/sidlatau/neotest-dart.git)
- [jfpedroza/neotest-elixir](https://github.com/jfpedroza/neotest-elixir.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-go](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-go.git)
- [MrcJkb/neotest-haskell](https://github.com/MrcJkb/neotest-haskell.git)
- [olimorris/neotest-phpunit](https://github.com/olimorris/neotest-phpunit.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-python](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-python)
- [rouge8/neotest-rust](https://github.com/rouge8/neotest-rust.git)
- [prichrd/netrw.nvim](https://github.com/prichrd/netrw.nvim.git)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf.git)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js](https://github.com/mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js.git)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-hlslens](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-hlslens.git)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls)
- [ethanholz/nvim-lastplace](https://github.com/ethanholz/nvim-lastplace.git)
- [kosayoda/nvim-lightbulb](https://github.com/kosayoda/nvim-lightbulb)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [scalameta/nvim-metals](https://github.com/scalameta/nvim-metals.git)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navbuddy](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navbuddy.git)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [gennaro-tedesco/nvim-peekup](https://github.com/gennaro-tedesco/nvim-peekup.git)
- [yorickpeterse/nvim-pqf](https://github.com/yorickpeterse/nvim-pqf.git)
- [windwp/nvim-spectre](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-spectre.git)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-context](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-context)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [chrisgrieser/nvim-various-textobjs](https://github.com/chrisgrieser/nvim-various-textobjs.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker](https://github.com/s1n7ax/nvim-window-picker)
- [pwntester/octo.nvim](https://github.com/pwntester/octo.nvim)
- [jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind](https://github.com/jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind.git)
- [nvim-orgmode/orgmode](https://github.com/nvim-orgmode/orgmode.git)
- [vuki656/package-info.nvim](https://github.com/vuki656/package-info.nvim.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/popup.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/popup.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/pretty-fold.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/pretty-fold.nvim.git)
- [akinsho/pubspec-assist.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/pubspec-assist.nvim.git)
- [neanias/everforest-nvim](https://github.com/neanias/everforest-nvim)
- [winston0410/rg.nvim](https://github.com/winston0410/rg.nvim.git)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [michaelb/sniprun](https://github.com/michaelb/sniprun.git)
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- [gbprod/stay-in-place.nvim](https://github.com/gbprod/stay-in-place.nvim.git)
- [simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim)
- [nanozuki/tabby.nvim](https://github.com/nanozuki/tabby.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [camgraff/telescope-tmux.nvim](https://github.com/camgraff/telescope-tmux.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/twilight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/twilight.nvim)
- [mbbill/undotree](https://github.com/mbbill/undotree)
- [ton/vim-bufsurf](https://github.com/ton/vim-bufsurf.git)
- [vim-ctrlspace/vim-ctrlspace](https://github.com/vim-ctrlspace/vim-ctrlspace.git)
- [tpope/vim-dadbod](https://github.com/tpope/vim-dadbod.git)
- [kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-completion](https://github.com/kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-completion.git)
- [kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-ui](https://github.com/kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-ui.git)
- [dhruvasagar/vim-table-mode](https://github.com/dhruvasagar/vim-table-mode.git)
- [lervag/vimtex](https://github.com/lervag/vimtex)
- [sindrets/winshift.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/winshift.nvim.git)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)
