info/Magidc.md, before:

## Magidc Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Magidc`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/magidc/nvim-config](https://github.com/magidc/nvim-config)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [stevearc/aerial.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/aerial.nvim)
- [famiu/bufdelete.nvim](https://github.com/famiu/bufdelete.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [ms-jpq/coq.artifacts](https://github.com/ms-jpq/coq.artifacts.git)
- [ms-jpq/coq.thirdparty](https://github.com/ms-jpq/coq.thirdparty.git)
- [ms-jpq/coq_nvim](https://github.com/ms-jpq/coq_nvim.git)
- [monaqa/dial.nvim](https://github.com/monaqa/dial.nvim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [folke/flash.nvim](https://github.com/folke/flash.nvim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/hydra.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/hydra.nvim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [VidocqH/lsp-lens.nvim](https://github.com/VidocqH/lsp-lens.nvim.git)
- [ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [arkav/lualine-lsp-progress](https://github.com/arkav/lualine-lsp-progress)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [karb94/neoscroll.nvim](https://github.com/karb94/neoscroll.nvim)
- [aktersnurra/no-clown-fiesta.nvim](https://github.com/aktersnurra/no-clown-fiesta.nvim.git)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [AckslD/nvim-neoclip.lua](https://github.com/AckslD/nvim-neoclip.lua.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [sitiom/nvim-numbertoggle](https://github.com/sitiom/nvim-numbertoggle.git)
- [petertriho/nvim-scrollbar](https://github.com/petertriho/nvim-scrollbar.git)
- [chrisgrieser/nvim-spider](https://github.com/chrisgrieser/nvim-spider.git)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [mrjones2014/nvim-ts-rainbow](https://github.com/mrjones2014/nvim-ts-rainbow)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [chrisgrieser/nvim-various-textobjs](https://github.com/chrisgrieser/nvim-various-textobjs.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [aserowy/tmux.nvim](https://github.com/aserowy/tmux.nvim.git)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [mbbill/undotree](https://github.com/mbbill/undotree)
- [terryma/vim-expand-region](https://github.com/terryma/vim-expand-region.git)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [mhinz/vim-startify](https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Magidc.md, after:

## Magidc Neovim Configuration Information

Java, Python, Lua, and Rust IDE

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -L Magidc`
- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Magidc`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/magidc/nvim-config](https://github.com/magidc/nvim-config)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [stevearc/aerial.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/aerial.nvim)
- [famiu/bufdelete.nvim](https://github.com/famiu/bufdelete.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [ms-jpq/coq.artifacts](https://github.com/ms-jpq/coq.artifacts.git)
- [ms-jpq/coq.thirdparty](https://github.com/ms-jpq/coq.thirdparty.git)
- [ms-jpq/coq_nvim](https://github.com/ms-jpq/coq_nvim.git)
- [monaqa/dial.nvim](https://github.com/monaqa/dial.nvim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [folke/flash.nvim](https://github.com/folke/flash.nvim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/hydra.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/hydra.nvim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [VidocqH/lsp-lens.nvim](https://github.com/VidocqH/lsp-lens.nvim.git)
- [ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [arkav/lualine-lsp-progress](https://github.com/arkav/lualine-lsp-progress)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [karb94/neoscroll.nvim](https://github.com/karb94/neoscroll.nvim)
- [aktersnurra/no-clown-fiesta.nvim](https://github.com/aktersnurra/no-clown-fiesta.nvim.git)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [AckslD/nvim-neoclip.lua](https://github.com/AckslD/nvim-neoclip.lua.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [sitiom/nvim-numbertoggle](https://github.com/sitiom/nvim-numbertoggle.git)
- [petertriho/nvim-scrollbar](https://github.com/petertriho/nvim-scrollbar.git)
- [chrisgrieser/nvim-spider](https://github.com/chrisgrieser/nvim-spider.git)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [mrjones2014/nvim-ts-rainbow](https://github.com/mrjones2014/nvim-ts-rainbow)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [chrisgrieser/nvim-various-textobjs](https://github.com/chrisgrieser/nvim-various-textobjs.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [aserowy/tmux.nvim](https://github.com/aserowy/tmux.nvim.git)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [mbbill/undotree](https://github.com/mbbill/undotree)
- [terryma/vim-expand-region](https://github.com/terryma/vim-expand-region.git)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [mhinz/vim-startify](https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)
