info/Metis.md, before:

## Metis Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Metis`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/metis-os/pwnvim](https://github.com/metis-os/pwnvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [utilyre/barbecue.nvim](https://github.com/utilyre/barbecue.nvim.git)
- [j-morano/buffer_manager.nvim](https://github.com/j-morano/buffer_manager.nvim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [NvChad/nvterm](https://github.com/NvChad/nvterm)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [utilyre/sentiment.nvim](https://github.com/utilyre/sentiment.nvim.git)
- [artart222/telescope_find_directories](https://github.com/artart222/telescope_find_directories)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Metis.md, after:

## Metis Neovim Configuration Information

Neovim config by the creator of 'MetisLinux' and 'Ewm'

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w Metis`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Metis`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/metis-os/pwnvim](https://github.com/metis-os/pwnvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [utilyre/barbecue.nvim](https://github.com/utilyre/barbecue.nvim.git)
- [j-morano/buffer_manager.nvim](https://github.com/j-morano/buffer_manager.nvim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [NvChad/nvterm](https://github.com/NvChad/nvterm)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [utilyre/sentiment.nvim](https://github.com/utilyre/sentiment.nvim.git)
- [artart222/telescope_find_directories](https://github.com/artart222/telescope_find_directories)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
