info/Mini.md, before:

## Mini Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Mini](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Mini`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/echasnovski/nvim](https://github.com/echasnovski/nvim)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/echasnovski/nvim](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/echasnovski/nvim)

### Mini.nvim managed plugins

- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.nvim](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.nvim)
- [danymat/neogen](https://github.com/danymat/neogen.git)
- [kassio/neoterm](https://github.com/kassio/neoterm)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [nvim-tree/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [mechatroner/rainbow_csv](https://github.com/mechatroner/rainbow_csv)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim.git)
- [tpope/vim-dispatch](https://github.com/tpope/vim-dispatch)
- [tommcdo/vim-exchange](https://github.com/tommcdo/vim-exchange)
- [vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc](https://github.com/vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc)
- [vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc-syntax](https://github.com/vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc-syntax)
- [vim-pandoc/vim-rmarkdown](https://github.com/vim-pandoc/vim-rmarkdown)
- [vim-test/vim-test](https://github.com/vim-test/vim-test)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Mini.md, after:

## Mini Neovim Configuration Information

Uses the [mini.nvim](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.nvim) library. Personal configuration of the 'mini.nvim' author

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -M`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Mini](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Mini`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/echasnovski/nvim](https://github.com/echasnovski/nvim)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/echasnovski/nvim](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/echasnovski/nvim)

### Mini.nvim managed plugins

- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.nvim](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.nvim)
- [danymat/neogen](https://github.com/danymat/neogen.git)
- [kassio/neoterm](https://github.com/kassio/neoterm)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [nvim-tree/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [mechatroner/rainbow_csv](https://github.com/mechatroner/rainbow_csv)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim.git)
- [tpope/vim-dispatch](https://github.com/tpope/vim-dispatch)
- [tommcdo/vim-exchange](https://github.com/tommcdo/vim-exchange)
- [vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc](https://github.com/vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc)
- [vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc-syntax](https://github.com/vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc-syntax)
- [vim-pandoc/vim-rmarkdown](https://github.com/vim-pandoc/vim-rmarkdown)
- [vim-test/vim-test](https://github.com/vim-test/vim-test)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
