info/Modern.md, before:

## Modern Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Starter](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#starter-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Modern`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/alpha2phi/modern-neovim](https://github.com/alpha2phi/modern-neovim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim](https://github.com/jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim.git)
- [dpayne/CodeGPT.nvim](https://github.com/dpayne/CodeGPT.nvim.git)
- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim](https://github.com/antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [b0o/SchemaStore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/SchemaStore.nvim)
- [aaronhallaert/advanced-git-search.nvim](https://github.com/aaronhallaert/advanced-git-search.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/aerial.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/aerial.nvim)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [james1236/backseat.nvim](https://github.com/james1236/backseat.nvim.git)
- [max397574/better-escape.nvim](https://github.com/max397574/better-escape.nvim)
- [itchyny/calendar.vim](https://github.com/itchyny/calendar.vim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [uga-rosa/ccc.nvim](https://github.com/uga-rosa/ccc.nvim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [petertriho/cmp-git](https://github.com/petertriho/cmp-git.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [Exafunction/codeium.vim](https://github.com/Exafunction/codeium.vim.git)
- [Saecki/crates.nvim](https://github.com/Saecki/crates.nvim.git)
- [monaqa/dial.nvim](https://github.com/monaqa/dial.nvim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [folke/edgy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/edgy.nvim.git)
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [folke/flash.nvim](https://github.com/folke/flash.nvim.git)
- [RobertBrunhage/flutter-riverpod-snippets](https://github.com/RobertBrunhage/flutter-riverpod-snippets.git)
- [akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [rawnly/gist.nvim](https://github.com/rawnly/gist.nvim.git)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim](https://github.com/ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim)
- [ThePrimeagen/harpoon](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/harpoon)
- [lukas-reineke/headlines.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/headlines.nvim.git)
- [m-demare/hlargs.nvim](https://github.com/m-demare/hlargs.nvim.git)
- [anuvyklack/hydra.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/hydra.nvim.git)
- [smjonas/inc-rename.nvim](https://github.com/smjonas/inc-rename.nvim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [Vigemus/iron.nvim](https://github.com/Vigemus/iron.nvim.git)
- [goerz/jupytext.vim](https://github.com/goerz/jupytext.vim.git)
- [rebelot/kanagawa.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/kanagawa.nvim)
- [frabjous/knap](https://github.com/frabjous/knap.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [mrjones2014/legendary.nvim](https://github.com/mrjones2014/legendary.nvim)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [meuter/lualine-so-fancy.nvim](https://github.com/meuter/lualine-so-fancy.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bracketed](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bracketed.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bufremove](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bufremove.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.files](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.files.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.hipatterns](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.hipatterns.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [echasnovski/mini.map](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.map.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.misc](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.misc.git)
- [jbyuki/nabla.nvim](https://github.com/jbyuki/nabla.nvim)
- [Bryley/neoai.nvim](https://github.com/Bryley/neoai.nvim.git)
- [folke/neoconf.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neoconf.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [danymat/neogen](https://github.com/danymat/neogen.git)
- [TimUntersberger/neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [sidlatau/neotest-dart](https://github.com/sidlatau/neotest-dart.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-jest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-jest.git)
- [thenbe/neotest-playwright](https://github.com/thenbe/neotest-playwright.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-plenary](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-plenary)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-python](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-python)
- [rouge8/neotest-rust](https://github.com/rouge8/neotest-rust.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [marilari88/neotest-vitest](https://github.com/marilari88/neotest-vitest.git)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [nacro90/numb.nvim](https://github.com/nacro90/numb.nvim.git)
- [AckslD/nvim-FeMaco.lua](https://github.com/AckslD/nvim-FeMaco.lua.git)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf.git)
- [akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua](https://github.com/akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python.git)
- [LiadOz/nvim-dap-repl-highlights](https://github.com/LiadOz/nvim-dap-repl-highlights.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js](https://github.com/mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js.git)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-hlslens](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-hlslens.git)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [DaikyXendo/nvim-material-icon](https://github.com/DaikyXendo/nvim-material-icon.git)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navbuddy](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navbuddy.git)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [nvim-pack/nvim-spectre](https://github.com/nvim-pack/nvim-spectre.git)
- [xiyaowong/nvim-transparent](https://github.com/xiyaowong/nvim-transparent)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise](https://github.com/RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind](https://github.com/jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind.git)
- [stevearc/overseer.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/overseer.nvim.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim.git)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [rust-lang/rust.vim](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust.vim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- [cshuaimin/ssr.nvim](https://github.com/cshuaimin/ssr.nvim)
- [luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim](https://github.com/luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim)
- [folke/styler.nvim](https://github.com/folke/styler.nvim.git)
- [abecodes/tabout.nvim](https://github.com/abecodes/tabout.nvim.git)
- [olacin/telescope-cc.nvim](https://github.com/olacin/telescope-cc.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [tsakirist/telescope-lazy.nvim](https://github.com/tsakirist/telescope-lazy.nvim.git)
- [benfowler/telescope-luasnip.nvim](https://github.com/benfowler/telescope-luasnip.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-project.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-project.nvim.git)
- [cljoly/telescope-repo.nvim](https://github.com/cljoly/telescope-repo.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [Wansmer/treesj](https://github.com/Wansmer/treesj)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [ckolkey/ts-node-action](https://github.com/ckolkey/ts-node-action.git)
- [folke/twilight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/twilight.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim)
- [linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim](https://github.com/linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim.git)
- [tpope/vim-dadbod](https://github.com/tpope/vim-dadbod.git)
- [kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-completion](https://github.com/kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-completion.git)
- [kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-ui](https://github.com/kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-ui.git)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [mattn/vim-gist](https://github.com/mattn/vim-gist.git)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [mzlogin/vim-markdown-toc](https://github.com/mzlogin/vim-markdown-toc.git)
- [andymass/vim-matchup](https://github.com/andymass/vim-matchup)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [tpope/vim-rhubarb](https://github.com/tpope/vim-rhubarb)
- [honza/vim-snippets](https://github.com/honza/vim-snippets.git)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [dhruvasagar/vim-table-mode](https://github.com/dhruvasagar/vim-table-mode.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [lervag/vimtex](https://github.com/lervag/vimtex)
- [microsoft/vscode-js-debug](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-js-debug.git)
- [mattn/webapi-vim](https://github.com/mattn/webapi-vim.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gbprod/yanky.nvim](https://github.com/gbprod/yanky.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Modern.md, after:

## Modern Neovim Configuration Information

Configure Neovim as a modernized development environment. Details described in [an excellent Medium article](https://alpha2phi.medium.com/modern-neovim-configuration-recipes-d68b16537698)

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -x Modern`
- Configuration category: [Starter](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#starter-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Modern`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/alpha2phi/modern-neovim](https://github.com/alpha2phi/modern-neovim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim](https://github.com/jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim.git)
- [dpayne/CodeGPT.nvim](https://github.com/dpayne/CodeGPT.nvim.git)
- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim](https://github.com/antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [b0o/SchemaStore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/SchemaStore.nvim)
- [aaronhallaert/advanced-git-search.nvim](https://github.com/aaronhallaert/advanced-git-search.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/aerial.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/aerial.nvim)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [james1236/backseat.nvim](https://github.com/james1236/backseat.nvim.git)
- [max397574/better-escape.nvim](https://github.com/max397574/better-escape.nvim)
- [itchyny/calendar.vim](https://github.com/itchyny/calendar.vim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [uga-rosa/ccc.nvim](https://github.com/uga-rosa/ccc.nvim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [petertriho/cmp-git](https://github.com/petertriho/cmp-git.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [Exafunction/codeium.vim](https://github.com/Exafunction/codeium.vim.git)
- [Saecki/crates.nvim](https://github.com/Saecki/crates.nvim.git)
- [monaqa/dial.nvim](https://github.com/monaqa/dial.nvim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [folke/edgy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/edgy.nvim.git)
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [folke/flash.nvim](https://github.com/folke/flash.nvim.git)
- [RobertBrunhage/flutter-riverpod-snippets](https://github.com/RobertBrunhage/flutter-riverpod-snippets.git)
- [akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [rawnly/gist.nvim](https://github.com/rawnly/gist.nvim.git)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim](https://github.com/ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim)
- [ThePrimeagen/harpoon](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/harpoon)
- [lukas-reineke/headlines.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/headlines.nvim.git)
- [m-demare/hlargs.nvim](https://github.com/m-demare/hlargs.nvim.git)
- [anuvyklack/hydra.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/hydra.nvim.git)
- [smjonas/inc-rename.nvim](https://github.com/smjonas/inc-rename.nvim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [Vigemus/iron.nvim](https://github.com/Vigemus/iron.nvim.git)
- [goerz/jupytext.vim](https://github.com/goerz/jupytext.vim.git)
- [rebelot/kanagawa.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/kanagawa.nvim)
- [frabjous/knap](https://github.com/frabjous/knap.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [mrjones2014/legendary.nvim](https://github.com/mrjones2014/legendary.nvim)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [meuter/lualine-so-fancy.nvim](https://github.com/meuter/lualine-so-fancy.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bracketed](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bracketed.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.bufremove](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.bufremove.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.files](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.files.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.hipatterns](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.hipatterns.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [echasnovski/mini.map](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.map.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.misc](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.misc.git)
- [jbyuki/nabla.nvim](https://github.com/jbyuki/nabla.nvim)
- [Bryley/neoai.nvim](https://github.com/Bryley/neoai.nvim.git)
- [folke/neoconf.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neoconf.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [danymat/neogen](https://github.com/danymat/neogen.git)
- [TimUntersberger/neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [sidlatau/neotest-dart](https://github.com/sidlatau/neotest-dart.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-jest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-jest.git)
- [thenbe/neotest-playwright](https://github.com/thenbe/neotest-playwright.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-plenary](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-plenary)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-python](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-python)
- [rouge8/neotest-rust](https://github.com/rouge8/neotest-rust.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [marilari88/neotest-vitest](https://github.com/marilari88/neotest-vitest.git)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [nacro90/numb.nvim](https://github.com/nacro90/numb.nvim.git)
- [AckslD/nvim-FeMaco.lua](https://github.com/AckslD/nvim-FeMaco.lua.git)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf.git)
- [akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua](https://github.com/akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python.git)
- [LiadOz/nvim-dap-repl-highlights](https://github.com/LiadOz/nvim-dap-repl-highlights.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js](https://github.com/mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js.git)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-hlslens](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-hlslens.git)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [DaikyXendo/nvim-material-icon](https://github.com/DaikyXendo/nvim-material-icon.git)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navbuddy](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navbuddy.git)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [nvim-pack/nvim-spectre](https://github.com/nvim-pack/nvim-spectre.git)
- [xiyaowong/nvim-transparent](https://github.com/xiyaowong/nvim-transparent)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise](https://github.com/RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind](https://github.com/jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind.git)
- [stevearc/overseer.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/overseer.nvim.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/refactoring.nvim.git)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [rust-lang/rust.vim](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust.vim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- [cshuaimin/ssr.nvim](https://github.com/cshuaimin/ssr.nvim)
- [luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim](https://github.com/luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim)
- [folke/styler.nvim](https://github.com/folke/styler.nvim.git)
- [abecodes/tabout.nvim](https://github.com/abecodes/tabout.nvim.git)
- [olacin/telescope-cc.nvim](https://github.com/olacin/telescope-cc.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-file-browser.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-frecency.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [tsakirist/telescope-lazy.nvim](https://github.com/tsakirist/telescope-lazy.nvim.git)
- [benfowler/telescope-luasnip.nvim](https://github.com/benfowler/telescope-luasnip.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-project.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-project.nvim.git)
- [cljoly/telescope-repo.nvim](https://github.com/cljoly/telescope-repo.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [Wansmer/treesj](https://github.com/Wansmer/treesj)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [ckolkey/ts-node-action](https://github.com/ckolkey/ts-node-action.git)
- [folke/twilight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/twilight.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim)
- [linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim](https://github.com/linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim.git)
- [tpope/vim-dadbod](https://github.com/tpope/vim-dadbod.git)
- [kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-completion](https://github.com/kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-completion.git)
- [kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-ui](https://github.com/kristijanhusak/vim-dadbod-ui.git)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [mattn/vim-gist](https://github.com/mattn/vim-gist.git)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [mzlogin/vim-markdown-toc](https://github.com/mzlogin/vim-markdown-toc.git)
- [andymass/vim-matchup](https://github.com/andymass/vim-matchup)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [tpope/vim-rhubarb](https://github.com/tpope/vim-rhubarb)
- [honza/vim-snippets](https://github.com/honza/vim-snippets.git)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [dhruvasagar/vim-table-mode](https://github.com/dhruvasagar/vim-table-mode.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [lervag/vimtex](https://github.com/lervag/vimtex)
- [microsoft/vscode-js-debug](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-js-debug.git)
- [mattn/webapi-vim](https://github.com/mattn/webapi-vim.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gbprod/yanky.nvim](https://github.com/gbprod/yanky.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)
