info/Nv.md, before:

## Nv Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     [LazyVim](https://lazyvim.github.io)
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Nv`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/appelgriebsch/Nv](https://github.com/appelgriebsch/Nv)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/appelgriebsch/Nv](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/appelgriebsch/Nv)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/appelgriebsch/nv](https://dotfyle.com/appelgriebsch/nv)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [LazyVim/LazyVim](https://github.com/LazyVim/LazyVim.git)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [b0o/SchemaStore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/SchemaStore.nvim)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [famiu/bufdelete.nvim](https://github.com/famiu/bufdelete.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [p00f/clangd_extensions.nvim](https://github.com/p00f/clangd_extensions.nvim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [David-Kunz/cmp-npm](https://github.com/David-Kunz/cmp-npm)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [Saecki/crates.nvim](https://github.com/Saecki/crates.nvim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [folke/edgy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/edgy.nvim.git)
- [folke/flash.nvim](https://github.com/folke/flash.nvim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [f-person/git-blame.nvim](https://github.com/f-person/git-blame.nvim.git)
- [akinsho/git-conflict.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/git-conflict.nvim.git)
- [projekt0n/github-nvim-theme](https://github.com/projekt0n/github-nvim-theme.git)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.animate](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.animate.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [echasnovski/mini.pairs](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.pairs.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.surround](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.surround.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neoconf.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neoconf.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-go](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-go.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-python](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-python)
- [rouge8/neotest-rust](https://github.com/rouge8/neotest-rust.git)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [andythigpen/nvim-coverage](https://github.com/andythigpen/nvim-coverage.git)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python.git)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls)
- [gennaro-tedesco/nvim-jqx](https://github.com/gennaro-tedesco/nvim-jqx.git)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [dstein64/nvim-scrollview](https://github.com/dstein64/nvim-scrollview)
- [nvim-pack/nvim-spectre](https://github.com/nvim-pack/nvim-spectre.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind](https://github.com/jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind.git)
- [olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim](https://github.com/olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim)
- [vuki656/package-info.nvim](https://github.com/vuki656/package-info.nvim.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [neanias/everforest-nvim](https://github.com/neanias/everforest-nvim)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- [simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [debugloop/telescope-undo.nvim](https://github.com/debugloop/telescope-undo.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [mcauley-penney/tidy.nvim](https://github.com/mcauley-penney/tidy.nvim.git)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim)
- [linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim](https://github.com/linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim.git)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [dstein64/vim-startuptime](https://github.com/dstein64/vim-startuptime)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gbprod/yanky.nvim](https://github.com/gbprod/yanky.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Nv.md, after:

## Nv Neovim Configuration Information

'LazyVim' based Neovim configuration. Andreas Gerlach develops smart farming tech and maintains the 'Sway' edition of 'Manjaro-arm'

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -L Nv`
- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     [LazyVim](https://lazyvim.github.io)
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Nv`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/appelgriebsch/Nv](https://github.com/appelgriebsch/Nv)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/appelgriebsch/Nv](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/appelgriebsch/Nv)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/appelgriebsch/nv](https://dotfyle.com/appelgriebsch/nv)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [LazyVim/LazyVim](https://github.com/LazyVim/LazyVim.git)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [b0o/SchemaStore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/SchemaStore.nvim)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [famiu/bufdelete.nvim](https://github.com/famiu/bufdelete.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [p00f/clangd_extensions.nvim](https://github.com/p00f/clangd_extensions.nvim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [David-Kunz/cmp-npm](https://github.com/David-Kunz/cmp-npm)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [Saecki/crates.nvim](https://github.com/Saecki/crates.nvim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [folke/edgy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/edgy.nvim.git)
- [folke/flash.nvim](https://github.com/folke/flash.nvim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [f-person/git-blame.nvim](https://github.com/f-person/git-blame.nvim.git)
- [akinsho/git-conflict.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/git-conflict.nvim.git)
- [projekt0n/github-nvim-theme](https://github.com/projekt0n/github-nvim-theme.git)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.animate](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.animate.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [echasnovski/mini.pairs](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.pairs.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.surround](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.surround.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neoconf.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neoconf.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-go](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-go.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-python](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-python)
- [rouge8/neotest-rust](https://github.com/rouge8/neotest-rust.git)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [andythigpen/nvim-coverage](https://github.com/andythigpen/nvim-coverage.git)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python.git)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls)
- [gennaro-tedesco/nvim-jqx](https://github.com/gennaro-tedesco/nvim-jqx.git)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [dstein64/nvim-scrollview](https://github.com/dstein64/nvim-scrollview)
- [nvim-pack/nvim-spectre](https://github.com/nvim-pack/nvim-spectre.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind](https://github.com/jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind.git)
- [olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim](https://github.com/olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim)
- [vuki656/package-info.nvim](https://github.com/vuki656/package-info.nvim.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [neanias/everforest-nvim](https://github.com/neanias/everforest-nvim)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [tami5/sqlite.lua](https://github.com/tami5/sqlite.lua)
- [simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/symbols-outline.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-dap.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [debugloop/telescope-undo.nvim](https://github.com/debugloop/telescope-undo.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [mcauley-penney/tidy.nvim](https://github.com/mcauley-penney/tidy.nvim.git)
- [folke/todo-comments.nvim](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim)
- [linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim](https://github.com/linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim.git)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [dstein64/vim-startuptime](https://github.com/dstein64/vim-startuptime)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [gbprod/yanky.nvim](https://github.com/gbprod/yanky.nvim)
- [folke/zen-mode.nvim](https://github.com/folke/zen-mode.nvim)
