info/NvPak.md, before:

## NvPak Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Starter](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#starter-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-NvPak`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/Pakrohk-DotFiles/NvPak.git](https://github.com/Pakrohk-DotFiles/NvPak.git)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Pakrohk-DotFiles/NvPak](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Pakrohk-DotFiles/NvPak)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [m4xshen/autoclose.nvim](https://github.com/m4xshen/autoclose.nvim.git)
- [romgrk/barbar.nvim](https://github.com/romgrk/barbar.nvim.git)
- [jayden-chan/base46.nvim](https://github.com/jayden-chan/base46.nvim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-document-symbol](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-document-symbol.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [f3fora/cmp-spell](https://github.com/f3fora/cmp-spell)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [glepnir/dashboard-nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/dashboard-nvim)
- [Mofiqul/dracula.nvim](https://github.com/Mofiqul/dracula.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [cocopon/iceberg.vim](https://github.com/cocopon/iceberg.vim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [linrongbin16/lsp-progress.nvim](https://github.com/linrongbin16/lsp-progress.nvim.git)
- [~whynothugo/lsp_lines.nvim](https://git.sr.ht/~whynothugo/lsp_lines.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [tanvirtin/monokai.nvim](https://github.com/tanvirtin/monokai.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [shaunsingh/nord.nvim](https://github.com/shaunsingh/nord.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [s1n7ax/nvim-terminal](https://github.com/s1n7ax/nvim-terminal.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [navarasu/onedark.nvim](https://github.com/navarasu/onedark.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [rose-pine/neovim](https://github.com/rose-pine/neovim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/NvPak.md, after:

## NvPak Neovim Configuration Information

PaK in Farsi means pure, something that is in its purest form

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -x NvPak`
- Configuration category: [Starter](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#starter-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-NvPak`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/Pakrohk-DotFiles/NvPak.git](https://github.com/Pakrohk-DotFiles/NvPak.git)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Pakrohk-DotFiles/NvPak](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Pakrohk-DotFiles/NvPak)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [m4xshen/autoclose.nvim](https://github.com/m4xshen/autoclose.nvim.git)
- [romgrk/barbar.nvim](https://github.com/romgrk/barbar.nvim.git)
- [jayden-chan/base46.nvim](https://github.com/jayden-chan/base46.nvim.git)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-document-symbol](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-document-symbol.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [f3fora/cmp-spell](https://github.com/f3fora/cmp-spell)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [glepnir/dashboard-nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/dashboard-nvim)
- [Mofiqul/dracula.nvim](https://github.com/Mofiqul/dracula.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [cocopon/iceberg.vim](https://github.com/cocopon/iceberg.vim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [linrongbin16/lsp-progress.nvim](https://github.com/linrongbin16/lsp-progress.nvim.git)
- [~whynothugo/lsp_lines.nvim](https://git.sr.ht/~whynothugo/lsp_lines.nvim)
- [onsails/lspkind-nvim](https://github.com/onsails/lspkind-nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [tanvirtin/monokai.nvim](https://github.com/tanvirtin/monokai.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [shaunsingh/nord.nvim](https://github.com/shaunsingh/nord.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [s1n7ax/nvim-terminal](https://github.com/s1n7ax/nvim-terminal.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [navarasu/onedark.nvim](https://github.com/navarasu/onedark.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [rose-pine/neovim](https://github.com/rose-pine/neovim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-ui-select.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
