info/OnMyWay.md, before:

## OnMyWay Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-OnMyWay`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/RchrdAlv/NvimOnMy_way](https://github.com/RchrdAlv/NvimOnMy_way)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [stevearc/aerial.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/aerial.nvim)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [pocco81/auto-save.nvim](https://github.com/pocco81/auto-save.nvim.git)
- [utilyre/barbecue.nvim](https://github.com/utilyre/barbecue.nvim.git)
- [famiu/bufdelete.nvim](https://github.com/famiu/bufdelete.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [petertriho/cmp-git](https://github.com/petertriho/cmp-git.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [CRAG666/code_runner.nvim](https://github.com/CRAG666/code_runner.nvim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [mhartington/formatter.nvim](https://github.com/mhartington/formatter.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [alexghergh/nvim-tmux-navigation](https://github.com/alexghergh/nvim-tmux-navigation)
- [akinsho/git-conflict.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/git-conflict.nvim.git)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [nmac427/guess-indent.nvim](https://github.com/nmac427/guess-indent.nvim.git)
- [adelarsq/image_preview.nvim](https://github.com/adelarsq/image_preview.nvim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [tamago324/lir.nvim](https://github.com/tamago324/lir.nvim.git)
- [ldelossa/litee.nvim](https://github.com/ldelossa/litee.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [marko-cerovac/material.nvim](https://github.com/marko-cerovac/material.nvim.git)
- [jghauser/mkdir.nvim](https://github.com/jghauser/mkdir.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neoconf.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neoconf.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [yamatsum/nvim-cursorline](https://github.com/yamatsum/nvim-cursorline.git)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [yamatsum/nvim-nonicons](https://github.com/yamatsum/nvim-nonicons.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [wbthomason/packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [RchrdAlv/pulpFictionNvim-Theme](https://github.com/RchrdAlv/pulpFictionNvim-Theme.git)
- [rose-pine/neovim](https://github.com/rose-pine/neovim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [cappyzawa/trim.nvim](https://github.com/cappyzawa/trim.nvim.git)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [tomasiser/vim-code-dark](https://github.com/tomasiser/vim-code-dark.git)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/OnMyWay.md, after:

## OnMyWay Neovim Configuration Information

The personal Neovim configuration of Richard Ariza

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w OnMyWay`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-OnMyWay`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/RchrdAlv/NvimOnMy_way](https://github.com/RchrdAlv/NvimOnMy_way)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [stevearc/aerial.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/aerial.nvim)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [pocco81/auto-save.nvim](https://github.com/pocco81/auto-save.nvim.git)
- [utilyre/barbecue.nvim](https://github.com/utilyre/barbecue.nvim.git)
- [famiu/bufdelete.nvim](https://github.com/famiu/bufdelete.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [petertriho/cmp-git](https://github.com/petertriho/cmp-git.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [CRAG666/code_runner.nvim](https://github.com/CRAG666/code_runner.nvim.git)
- [sindrets/diffview.nvim](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [mhartington/formatter.nvim](https://github.com/mhartington/formatter.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [alexghergh/nvim-tmux-navigation](https://github.com/alexghergh/nvim-tmux-navigation)
- [akinsho/git-conflict.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/git-conflict.nvim.git)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [nmac427/guess-indent.nvim](https://github.com/nmac427/guess-indent.nvim.git)
- [adelarsq/image_preview.nvim](https://github.com/adelarsq/image_preview.nvim.git)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [tamago324/lir.nvim](https://github.com/tamago324/lir.nvim.git)
- [ldelossa/litee.nvim](https://github.com/ldelossa/litee.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [marko-cerovac/material.nvim](https://github.com/marko-cerovac/material.nvim.git)
- [jghauser/mkdir.nvim](https://github.com/jghauser/mkdir.nvim)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/neoconf.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neoconf.nvim.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [yamatsum/nvim-cursorline](https://github.com/yamatsum/nvim-cursorline.git)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [yamatsum/nvim-nonicons](https://github.com/yamatsum/nvim-nonicons.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [wbthomason/packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [RchrdAlv/pulpFictionNvim-Theme](https://github.com/RchrdAlv/pulpFictionNvim-Theme.git)
- [rose-pine/neovim](https://github.com/rose-pine/neovim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [cappyzawa/trim.nvim](https://github.com/cappyzawa/trim.nvim.git)
- [folke/trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim)
- [tomasiser/vim-code-dark](https://github.com/tomasiser/vim-code-dark.git)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
