info/ONNO.md, before:

## ONNO Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-ONNO`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/loctvl842/nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/nvim)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/loctvl842/nvim](https://dotfyle.com/loctvl842/nvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim](https://github.com/jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim.git)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [anuvyklack/animation.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/animation.nvim.git)
- [utilyre/barbecue.nvim](https://github.com/utilyre/barbecue.nvim.git)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [loctvl842/compile-nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/compile-nvim.git)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot.lua](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot.lua.git)
- [glepnir/dashboard-nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/dashboard-nvim)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [mattn/emmet-vim](https://github.com/mattn/emmet-vim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/middleclass](https://github.com/anuvyklack/middleclass.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [echasnovski/mini.pairs](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.pairs.git)
- [loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim)
- [mrbjarksen/neo-tree-diagnostics.nvim](https://github.com/mrbjarksen/neo-tree-diagnostics.nvim.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [Abstract-IDE/penvim](https://github.com/Abstract-IDE/penvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls)
- [kosayoda/nvim-lightbulb](https://github.com/kosayoda/nvim-lightbulb)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [petertriho/nvim-scrollbar](https://github.com/petertriho/nvim-scrollbar.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [HiPhish/nvim-ts-rainbow2](https://github.com/HiPhish/nvim-ts-rainbow2.git)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [toppair/peek.nvim](https://github.com/toppair/peek.nvim.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [kevinhwang91/rnvimr](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/rnvimr)
- [luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim](https://github.com/luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim)
- [AckslD/swenv.nvim](https://github.com/AckslD/swenv.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [moll/vim-bbye](https://github.com/moll/vim-bbye)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [dstein64/vim-startuptime](https://github.com/dstein64/vim-startuptime)
- [mg979/vim-visual-multi](https://github.com/mg979/vim-visual-multi.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/windows.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/windows.nvim.git)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/ONNO.md, after:

## ONNO Neovim Configuration Information

One of the primary inspirations for Lazyman

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w ONNO`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-ONNO`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/loctvl842/nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/nvim)

### Dotfyle entry

[https://dotfyle.com/loctvl842/nvim](https://dotfyle.com/loctvl842/nvim)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim](https://github.com/jackMort/ChatGPT.nvim.git)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [anuvyklack/animation.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/animation.nvim.git)
- [utilyre/barbecue.nvim](https://github.com/utilyre/barbecue.nvim.git)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [loctvl842/compile-nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/compile-nvim.git)
- [zbirenbaum/copilot.lua](https://github.com/zbirenbaum/copilot.lua.git)
- [glepnir/dashboard-nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/dashboard-nvim)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [mattn/emmet-vim](https://github.com/mattn/emmet-vim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim)
- [glepnir/lspsaga.nvim](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/middleclass](https://github.com/anuvyklack/middleclass.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.comment](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.comment)
- [echasnovski/mini.indentscope](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.indentscope)
- [echasnovski/mini.pairs](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.pairs.git)
- [loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim](https://github.com/loctvl842/monokai-pro.nvim)
- [mrbjarksen/neo-tree-diagnostics.nvim](https://github.com/mrbjarksen/neo-tree-diagnostics.nvim.git)
- [nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-neo-tree/neo-tree.nvim)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [Abstract-IDE/penvim](https://github.com/Abstract-IDE/penvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua](https://github.com/norcalli/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls)
- [kosayoda/nvim-lightbulb](https://github.com/kosayoda/nvim-lightbulb)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [SmiteshP/nvim-navic](https://github.com/SmiteshP/nvim-navic)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [petertriho/nvim-scrollbar](https://github.com/petertriho/nvim-scrollbar.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [HiPhish/nvim-ts-rainbow2](https://github.com/HiPhish/nvim-ts-rainbow2.git)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-ufo)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [toppair/peek.nvim](https://github.com/toppair/peek.nvim.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [kevinhwang91/promise-async](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/promise-async)
- [kevinhwang91/rnvimr](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/rnvimr)
- [luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim](https://github.com/luukvbaal/statuscol.nvim)
- [AckslD/swenv.nvim](https://github.com/AckslD/swenv.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [moll/vim-bbye](https://github.com/moll/vim-bbye)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [dstein64/vim-startuptime](https://github.com/dstein64/vim-startuptime)
- [mg979/vim-visual-multi](https://github.com/mg979/vim-visual-multi.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
- [anuvyklack/windows.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/windows.nvim.git)
