info/Opinion.md, before:

## Opinion Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Starter](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#starter-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Opinion`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/VonHeikemen/nvim-starter/tree/02-opinionated](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/nvim-starter/tree/02-opinionated)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [lunarvim/darkplus.nvim](https://github.com/lunarvim/darkplus.nvim.git)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [tanvirtin/monokai.nvim](https://github.com/tanvirtin/monokai.nvim.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [joshdick/onedark.vim](https://github.com/joshdick/onedark.vim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [wellle/targets.vim](https://github.com/wellle/targets.vim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [moll/vim-bbye](https://github.com/moll/vim-bbye)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Opinion.md, after:

## Opinion Neovim Configuration Information

Includes a combination of popular plugins

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -x Opinion`
- Configuration category: [Starter](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#starter-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Opinion`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/VonHeikemen/nvim-starter/tree/02-opinionated](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/nvim-starter/tree/02-opinionated)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [akinsho/bufferline.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim)
- [lunarvim/darkplus.nvim](https://github.com/lunarvim/darkplus.nvim.git)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [tanvirtin/monokai.nvim](https://github.com/tanvirtin/monokai.nvim.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [joshdick/onedark.vim](https://github.com/joshdick/onedark.vim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [wellle/targets.vim](https://github.com/wellle/targets.vim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [moll/vim-bbye](https://github.com/moll/vim-bbye)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
