info/Optixal.md, before:

## Optixal Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Optixal`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/Optixal/neovim-init.vim](https://github.com/Optixal/neovim-init.vim)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Optixal/neovim-init.vim](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Optixal/neovim-init.vim)

### Plug managed plugins

- [jiangmiao/auto-pairs](https://github.com/jiangmiao/auto-pairs.git)
- [psf/black](https://github.com/psf/black.git)
- [dkarter/bullets.vim](https://github.com/dkarter/bullets.vim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip.git)
- [chrisbra/Colorizer](https://github.com/chrisbra/Colorizer.git)
- [wellle/context.vim](https://github.com/wellle/context.vim.git)
- [dracula/vim](https://github.com/dracula/vim.git)
- [antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim](https://github.com/antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim.git)
- [yuttie/hydrangea-vim](https://github.com/yuttie/hydrangea-vim.git)
- [Yggdroot/indentLine](https://github.com/Yggdroot/indentLine.git)
- [junegunn/limelight.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/limelight.vim.git)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim.git)
- [scrooloose/nerdcommenter](https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdcommenter.git)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp.git)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim.git)
- [junegunn/rainbow_parentheses.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/rainbow_parentheses.vim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim.git)
- [KabbAmine/vCoolor.vim](https://github.com/KabbAmine/vCoolor.vim.git)
- [tpope/vim-abolish](https://github.com/tpope/vim-abolish.git)
- [alvan/vim-closetag](https://github.com/alvan/vim-closetag.git)
- [junegunn/vim-easy-align](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-easy-align.git)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive.git)
- [junegunn/vim-journal](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-journal.git)
- [heavenshell/vim-pydocstring](https://github.com/heavenshell/vim-pydocstring.git)
- [tpope/vim-sensible](https://github.com/tpope/vim-sensible.git)
- [mhinz/vim-signify](https://github.com/mhinz/vim-signify.git)
- [tpope/vim-surround](https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround.git)
- [hrsh7th/vim-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/vim-vsnip.git)
- [zaki/zazen](https://github.com/zaki/zazen.git)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Optixal.md, after:

## Optixal Neovim Configuration Information

Hybrid Neovim config for developers with a functional yet aesthetic experience. Uses a combination of vimscript and lua with the 'vim-plug' plugin manager

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w Optixal`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Optixal`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/Optixal/neovim-init.vim](https://github.com/Optixal/neovim-init.vim)

### Neovimcraft entry

[http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Optixal/neovim-init.vim](http://neovimcraft.com/plugin/Optixal/neovim-init.vim)

### Plug managed plugins

- [jiangmiao/auto-pairs](https://github.com/jiangmiao/auto-pairs.git)
- [psf/black](https://github.com/psf/black.git)
- [dkarter/bullets.vim](https://github.com/dkarter/bullets.vim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip.git)
- [chrisbra/Colorizer](https://github.com/chrisbra/Colorizer.git)
- [wellle/context.vim](https://github.com/wellle/context.vim.git)
- [dracula/vim](https://github.com/dracula/vim.git)
- [antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim](https://github.com/antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim.git)
- [yuttie/hydrangea-vim](https://github.com/yuttie/hydrangea-vim.git)
- [Yggdroot/indentLine](https://github.com/Yggdroot/indentLine.git)
- [junegunn/limelight.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/limelight.vim.git)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim.git)
- [scrooloose/nerdcommenter](https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdcommenter.git)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp.git)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons.git)
- [nvim-treesitter/playground](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim.git)
- [junegunn/rainbow_parentheses.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/rainbow_parentheses.vim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim.git)
- [KabbAmine/vCoolor.vim](https://github.com/KabbAmine/vCoolor.vim.git)
- [tpope/vim-abolish](https://github.com/tpope/vim-abolish.git)
- [alvan/vim-closetag](https://github.com/alvan/vim-closetag.git)
- [junegunn/vim-easy-align](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-easy-align.git)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive.git)
- [junegunn/vim-journal](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-journal.git)
- [heavenshell/vim-pydocstring](https://github.com/heavenshell/vim-pydocstring.git)
- [tpope/vim-sensible](https://github.com/tpope/vim-sensible.git)
- [mhinz/vim-signify](https://github.com/mhinz/vim-signify.git)
- [tpope/vim-surround](https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround.git)
- [hrsh7th/vim-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/vim-vsnip.git)
- [zaki/zazen](https://github.com/zaki/zazen.git)
