info/pde.md, before:

## pde Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Starter](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#starter-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-pde`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/alpha2phi/neovim-pde](https://github.com/alpha2phi/neovim-pde)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim](https://github.com/antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [b0o/SchemaStore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/SchemaStore.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [uga-rosa/ccc.nvim](https://github.com/uga-rosa/ccc.nvim.git)
- [p00f/clangd_extensions.nvim](https://github.com/p00f/clangd_extensions.nvim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [Saecki/crates.nvim](https://github.com/Saecki/crates.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [anuvyklack/hydra.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/hydra.nvim.git)
- [Vigemus/iron.nvim](https://github.com/Vigemus/iron.nvim.git)
- [goerz/jupytext.vim](https://github.com/goerz/jupytext.vim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.hipatterns](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.hipatterns.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [alfaix/neotest-gtest](https://github.com/alfaix/neotest-gtest.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-jest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-jest.git)
- [thenbe/neotest-playwright](https://github.com/thenbe/neotest-playwright.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-plenary](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-plenary)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-python](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-python)
- [rouge8/neotest-rust](https://github.com/rouge8/neotest-rust.git)
- [stevanmilic/neotest-scala](https://github.com/stevanmilic/neotest-scala.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [marilari88/neotest-vitest](https://github.com/marilari88/neotest-vitest.git)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js](https://github.com/mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js.git)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [DaikyXendo/nvim-material-icon](https://github.com/DaikyXendo/nvim-material-icon.git)
- [scalameta/nvim-metals](https://github.com/scalameta/nvim-metals.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind](https://github.com/jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind.git)
- [stevearc/overseer.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/overseer.nvim.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [rust-lang/rust.vim](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust.vim.git)
- [roobert/tailwindcss-colorizer-cmp.nvim](https://github.com/roobert/tailwindcss-colorizer-cmp.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim)
- [linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim](https://github.com/linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim.git)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [andymass/vim-matchup](https://github.com/andymass/vim-matchup)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [tpope/vim-rhubarb](https://github.com/tpope/vim-rhubarb)
- [tpope/vim-sleuth](https://github.com/tpope/vim-sleuth.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [johnpapa/vscode-angular-snippets](https://github.com/johnpapa/vscode-angular-snippets.git)
- [microsoft/vscode-js-debug](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-js-debug.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/pde.md, after:

## pde Neovim Configuration Information

Configure Neovim as a Personalized Development Environment (PDE)

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -x pde`
- Configuration category: [Starter](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#starter-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-pde`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/alpha2phi/neovim-pde](https://github.com/alpha2phi/neovim-pde)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim](https://github.com/antoinemadec/FixCursorHold.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [b0o/SchemaStore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/SchemaStore.nvim)
- [catppuccin/nvim](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)
- [uga-rosa/ccc.nvim](https://github.com/uga-rosa/ccc.nvim.git)
- [p00f/clangd_extensions.nvim](https://github.com/p00f/clangd_extensions.nvim.git)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [Saecki/crates.nvim](https://github.com/Saecki/crates.nvim.git)
- [stevearc/dressing.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/dressing.nvim)
- [j-hui/fidget.nvim](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim)
- [akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/flutter-tools.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [anuvyklack/hydra.nvim](https://github.com/anuvyklack/hydra.nvim.git)
- [Vigemus/iron.nvim](https://github.com/Vigemus/iron.nvim.git)
- [goerz/jupytext.vim](https://github.com/goerz/jupytext.vim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [echasnovski/mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.ai.git)
- [echasnovski/mini.hipatterns](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.hipatterns.git)
- [folke/neodev.nvim](https://github.com/folke/neodev.nvim)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest)
- [alfaix/neotest-gtest](https://github.com/alfaix/neotest-gtest.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-jest](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-jest.git)
- [thenbe/neotest-playwright](https://github.com/thenbe/neotest-playwright.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-plenary](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-plenary)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-python](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-python)
- [rouge8/neotest-rust](https://github.com/rouge8/neotest-rust.git)
- [stevanmilic/neotest-scala](https://github.com/stevanmilic/neotest-scala.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [marilari88/neotest-vitest](https://github.com/marilari88/neotest-vitest.git)
- [folke/noice.nvim](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim)
- [MunifTanjim/nui.nvim](https://github.com/MunifTanjim/nui.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap-python.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui)
- [theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text](https://github.com/theHamsta/nvim-dap-virtual-text)
- [mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js](https://github.com/mxsdev/nvim-dap-vscode-js.git)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [DaikyXendo/nvim-material-icon](https://github.com/DaikyXendo/nvim-material-icon.git)
- [scalameta/nvim-metals](https://github.com/scalameta/nvim-metals.git)
- [rcarriga/nvim-notify](https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify)
- [kylechui/nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects)
- [JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring](https://github.com/JoosepAlviste/nvim-ts-context-commentstring)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind](https://github.com/jbyuki/one-small-step-for-vimkind.git)
- [stevearc/overseer.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/overseer.nvim.git)
- [folke/persistence.nvim](https://github.com/folke/persistence.nvim.git)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [rust-lang/rust.vim](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust.vim.git)
- [roobert/tailwindcss-colorizer-cmp.nvim](https://github.com/roobert/tailwindcss-colorizer-cmp.nvim.git)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope-fzf-native.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [folke/tokyonight.nvim](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/typescript.nvim)
- [linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim](https://github.com/linux-cultist/venv-selector.nvim.git)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [andymass/vim-matchup](https://github.com/andymass/vim-matchup)
- [tpope/vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat)
- [tpope/vim-rhubarb](https://github.com/tpope/vim-rhubarb)
- [tpope/vim-sleuth](https://github.com/tpope/vim-sleuth.git)
- [nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test](https://github.com/nvim-neotest/neotest-vim-test)
- [johnpapa/vscode-angular-snippets](https://github.com/johnpapa/vscode-angular-snippets.git)
- [microsoft/vscode-js-debug](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-js-debug.git)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
