info/SaleVim.md, before:

## SaleVim Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-SaleVim`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/igorcguedes/SaleVim](https://github.com/igorcguedes/SaleVim)

### Packer managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [Mofiqul/dracula.nvim](https://github.com/Mofiqul/dracula.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [rebelot/kanagawa.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/kanagawa.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [willothy/nvim-cokeline](https://github.com/willothy/nvim-cokeline)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [NvChad/nvterm](https://github.com/NvChad/nvterm)
- [wbthomason/packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [LeviticusNelson/sfdx.nvim](https://github.com/LeviticusNelson/sfdx.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [moll/vim-bbye](https://github.com/moll/vim-bbye)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [beyond-the-cloud-dev/vsc-salesforce-code-snippets](https://github.com/beyond-the-cloud-dev/vsc-salesforce-code-snippets)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/SaleVim.md, after:

## SaleVim Neovim Configuration Information

'Salesforce' optimized IDE with custom features for editing 'Apex', 'Visualforce', and 'Lightning' code

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -L SaleVim`
- Configuration category: [Language](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#language-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-SaleVim`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/igorcguedes/SaleVim](https://github.com/igorcguedes/SaleVim)

### Packer managed plugins

- [numToStr/Comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim)
- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [goolord/alpha-nvim](https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [Mofiqul/dracula.nvim](https://github.com/Mofiqul/dracula.nvim)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
- [lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
- [rebelot/kanagawa.nvim](https://github.com/rebelot/kanagawa.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim)
- [jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [willothy/nvim-cokeline](https://github.com/willothy/nvim-cokeline)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [NvChad/nvterm](https://github.com/NvChad/nvterm)
- [wbthomason/packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [ahmedkhalf/project.nvim](https://github.com/ahmedkhalf/project.nvim)
- [LeviticusNelson/sfdx.nvim](https://github.com/LeviticusNelson/sfdx.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [moll/vim-bbye](https://github.com/moll/vim-bbye)
- [RRethy/vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate)
- [beyond-the-cloud-dev/vsc-salesforce-code-snippets](https://github.com/beyond-the-cloud-dev/vsc-salesforce-code-snippets)
- [folke/which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
