info/Simple.md, before:

## Simple Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Simple`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/anthdm/.nvim](https://github.com/anthdm/.nvim)

### Packer managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [chama-chomo/grail](https://github.com/chama-chomo/grail)
- [ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim](https://github.com/ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim)
- [jhlgns/naysayer88.vim](https://github.com/jhlgns/naysayer88.vim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [terrortylor/nvim-comment](https://github.com/terrortylor/nvim-comment)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [wbthomason/packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [fatih/vim-go](https://github.com/fatih/vim-go)
- [CreaturePhil/vim-handmade-hero](https://github.com/CreaturePhil/vim-handmade-hero)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Simple.md, after:

## Simple Neovim Configuration Information

A remarkably effective Neovim configuration in only one small file. The author's [video description of this config](https://youtu.be/AzhSnM0uHvM)

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w Simple`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Simple`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/anthdm/.nvim](https://github.com/anthdm/.nvim)

### Packer managed plugins

- [L3MON4D3/LuaSnip](https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lua)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip](https://github.com/saadparwaiz1/cmp_luasnip)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [chama-chomo/grail](https://github.com/chama-chomo/grail)
- [ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim](https://github.com/ellisonleao/gruvbox.nvim)
- [VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim)
- [jhlgns/naysayer88.vim](https://github.com/jhlgns/naysayer88.vim)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [terrortylor/nvim-comment](https://github.com/terrortylor/nvim-comment)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [wbthomason/packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [fatih/vim-go](https://github.com/fatih/vim-go)
- [CreaturePhil/vim-handmade-hero](https://github.com/CreaturePhil/vim-handmade-hero)
