info/SpaceVim.md, before:

## SpaceVim Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Base](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#base-configurations)
- Base configuration:     [SpaceVim](https://spacevim.org)
- Plugin manager:         [SP (dein)](https://github.com/Shougo/dein.vim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-SpaceVim`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/doctorfree/spacevim](https://github.com/doctorfree/spacevim)

### SP (dein) managed plugins

- [2072/PHP-Indenting-for-VIm](https://github.com/2072/PHP-Indenting-for-VIm)
- [airblade/vim-gitgutter](https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter)
- [andrewradev/splitjoin.vim](https://github.com/andrewradev/splitjoin.vim)
- [ap/vim-css-color](https://github.com/ap/vim-css-color)
- [arcticicestudio/nord-vim](https://github.com/arcticicestudio/nord-vim)
- [buoto/gotests-vim](https://github.com/buoto/gotests-vim)
- [c9s/perlomni.vim](https://github.com/c9s/perlomni.vim)
- [cakebaker/scss-syntax.vim](https://github.com/cakebaker/scss-syntax.vim)
- [chazy/dirsettings](https://github.com/chazy/dirsettings)
- [chrisbra/vim-zsh](https://github.com/chrisbra/vim-zsh)
- [ctrlpvim/ctrlp.vim](https://github.com/ctrlpvim/ctrlp.vim)
- [dag/vim-fish](https://github.com/dag/vim-fish)
- [DeaR/ctrlp-jumps](https://github.com/DeaR/ctrlp-jumps)
- [digitaltoad/vim-pug](https://github.com/digitaltoad/vim-pug)
- [drewtempelmeyer/palenight.vim](https://github.com/drewtempelmeyer/palenight.vim)
- [edkolev/tmuxline.vim](https://github.com/edkolev/tmuxline.vim)
- [fedorenchik/VimCalc3](https://github.com/fedorenchik/VimCalc3)
- [FelikZ/ctrlp-py-matcher](https://github.com/FelikZ/ctrlp-py-matcher)
- [Gabirel/molokai](https://github.com/Gabirel/molokai)
- [groenewege/vim-less](https://github.com/groenewege/vim-less)
- [hail2u/vim-css3-syntax](https://github.com/hail2u/vim-css3-syntax)
- [hara/ctrlp-colorscheme](https://github.com/hara/ctrlp-colorscheme)
- [heavenshell/vim-jsdoc](https://github.com/heavenshell/vim-jsdoc)
- [heavenshell/vim-pydocstring](https://github.com/heavenshell/vim-pydocstring)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [iamcco/mathjax-support-for-mkdp](https://github.com/iamcco/mathjax-support-for-mkdp)
- [icymind/NeoSolarized](https://github.com/icymind/NeoSolarized)
- [isundil/vim-irssi-syntax](https://github.com/isundil/vim-irssi-syntax)
- [joker1007/vim-markdown-quote-syntax](https://github.com/joker1007/vim-markdown-quote-syntax)
- [joshdick/onedark.vim](https://github.com/joshdick/onedark.vim)
- [junegunn/fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [junegunn/goyo.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/goyo.vim)
- [junegunn/limelight.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/limelight.vim)
- [juvenn/mustache.vim](https://github.com/juvenn/mustache.vim)
- [lambdalisue/suda.vim](https://github.com/lambdalisue/suda.vim)
- [leafgarland/typescript-vim](https://github.com/leafgarland/typescript-vim)
- [lvht/tagbar-markdown](https://github.com/lvht/tagbar-markdown)
- [lymslive/vimloo](https://github.com/lymslive/vimloo)
- [lymslive/vnote](https://github.com/lymslive/vnote)
- [mattn/ctrlp-register](https://github.com/mattn/ctrlp-register)
- [mattn/emmet-vim](https://github.com/mattn/emmet-vim)
- [mbbill/fencview](https://github.com/mbbill/fencview)
- [mhartington/nvim-typescript](https://github.com/mhartington/nvim-typescript)
- [nanotech/jellybeans.vim](https://github.com/nanotech/jellybeans.vim)
- [octol/vim-cpp-enhanced-highlight](https://github.com/octol/vim-cpp-enhanced-highlight)
- [othree/html5.vim](https://github.com/othree/html5.vim)
- [peterhoeg/vim-qml](https://github.com/peterhoeg/vim-qml)
- [PotatoesMaster/i3-vim-syntax](https://github.com/PotatoesMaster/i3-vim-syntax)
- [racer-rust/vim-racer](https://github.com/racer-rust/vim-racer)
- [rakr/vim-one](https://github.com/rakr/vim-one)
- [rhysd/vim-wasm](https://github.com/rhysd/vim-wasm)
- [sebdah/vim-delve](https://github.com/sebdah/vim-delve)
- [Shougo/deol.nvim](https://github.com/Shougo/deol.nvim)
- [Shougo/deoplete-clangx](https://github.com/Shougo/deoplete-clangx)
- [Shougo/echodoc.vim](https://github.com/Shougo/echodoc.vim)
- [Shougo/neco-vim](https://github.com/Shougo/neco-vim)
- [Shougo/vimproc.vim](https://github.com/Shougo/vimproc.vim)
- [Shougo/vimshell.vim](https://github.com/Shougo/vimshell.vim)
- [SpaceVim/fzf-neoyank](https://github.com/SpaceVim/fzf-neoyank)
- [SpaceVim/vim-ctrlp-help](https://github.com/SpaceVim/vim-ctrlp-help)
- [SpaceVim/vim-material](https://github.com/SpaceVim/vim-material)
- [srcery-colors/srcery-vim](https://github.com/srcery-colors/srcery-vim)
- [StanAngeloff/php.vim](https://github.com/StanAngeloff/php.vim)
- [syngan/vim-vimlint](https://github.com/syngan/vim-vimlint)
- [tmux-plugins/vim-tmux](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/vim-tmux)
- [todesking/vint-syntastic](https://github.com/todesking/vint-syntastic)
- [tpope/vim-markdown](https://github.com/tpope/vim-markdown)
- [tpope/vim-scriptease](https://github.com/tpope/vim-scriptease)
- [tweekmonster/exception.vim](https://github.com/tweekmonster/exception.vim)
- [vimperator/vimperator.vim](https://github.com/vimperator/vimperator.vim)
- [vim-perl/vim-perl](https://github.com/vim-perl/vim-perl)
- [vimwiki/vimwiki](https://github.com/vimwiki/vimwiki)
- [w0ng/vim-hybrid](https://github.com/w0ng/vim-hybrid)
- [wavded/vim-stylus](https://github.com/wavded/vim-stylus)
- [wsdjeg/ctrlp-menu](https://github.com/wsdjeg/ctrlp-menu)
- [wsdjeg/ctrlp-yank](https://github.com/wsdjeg/ctrlp-yank)
- [wsdjeg/Mysql.vim](https://github.com/wsdjeg/Mysql.vim)
- [wsdjeg/perldoc-vim](https://github.com/wsdjeg/perldoc-vim)
- [wsdjeg/SourceCounter.vim](https://github.com/wsdjeg/SourceCounter.vim)
- [wsdjeg/vim-ctrlp-message](https://github.com/wsdjeg/vim-ctrlp-message)
- [wsdjeg/vim-debug](https://github.com/wsdjeg/vim-debug)
- [wsdjeg/vim-dockerfile](https://github.com/wsdjeg/vim-dockerfile)
- [ynkdir/vim-vimlparser](https://github.com/ynkdir/vim-vimlparser)
- [zchee/deoplete-zsh](https://github.com/zchee/deoplete-zsh)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/SpaceVim.md, after:

## SpaceVim Neovim Configuration Information

SpaceVim started in December 2016, it is a mature and well supported Neovim configuration distribution. Lazyman custom SpaceVim configuration installed in `~/.SpaceVim.d/`

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -s`
- Configuration category: [Base](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#base-configurations)
- Base configuration:     [SpaceVim](https://spacevim.org)
- Plugin manager:         [SP (dein)](https://github.com/Shougo/dein.vim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-SpaceVim`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/doctorfree/spacevim](https://github.com/doctorfree/spacevim)

### SP (dein) managed plugins

- [2072/PHP-Indenting-for-VIm](https://github.com/2072/PHP-Indenting-for-VIm)
- [airblade/vim-gitgutter](https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter)
- [andrewradev/splitjoin.vim](https://github.com/andrewradev/splitjoin.vim)
- [ap/vim-css-color](https://github.com/ap/vim-css-color)
- [arcticicestudio/nord-vim](https://github.com/arcticicestudio/nord-vim)
- [buoto/gotests-vim](https://github.com/buoto/gotests-vim)
- [c9s/perlomni.vim](https://github.com/c9s/perlomni.vim)
- [cakebaker/scss-syntax.vim](https://github.com/cakebaker/scss-syntax.vim)
- [chazy/dirsettings](https://github.com/chazy/dirsettings)
- [chrisbra/vim-zsh](https://github.com/chrisbra/vim-zsh)
- [ctrlpvim/ctrlp.vim](https://github.com/ctrlpvim/ctrlp.vim)
- [dag/vim-fish](https://github.com/dag/vim-fish)
- [DeaR/ctrlp-jumps](https://github.com/DeaR/ctrlp-jumps)
- [digitaltoad/vim-pug](https://github.com/digitaltoad/vim-pug)
- [drewtempelmeyer/palenight.vim](https://github.com/drewtempelmeyer/palenight.vim)
- [edkolev/tmuxline.vim](https://github.com/edkolev/tmuxline.vim)
- [fedorenchik/VimCalc3](https://github.com/fedorenchik/VimCalc3)
- [FelikZ/ctrlp-py-matcher](https://github.com/FelikZ/ctrlp-py-matcher)
- [Gabirel/molokai](https://github.com/Gabirel/molokai)
- [groenewege/vim-less](https://github.com/groenewege/vim-less)
- [hail2u/vim-css3-syntax](https://github.com/hail2u/vim-css3-syntax)
- [hara/ctrlp-colorscheme](https://github.com/hara/ctrlp-colorscheme)
- [heavenshell/vim-jsdoc](https://github.com/heavenshell/vim-jsdoc)
- [heavenshell/vim-pydocstring](https://github.com/heavenshell/vim-pydocstring)
- [iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim](https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim)
- [iamcco/mathjax-support-for-mkdp](https://github.com/iamcco/mathjax-support-for-mkdp)
- [icymind/NeoSolarized](https://github.com/icymind/NeoSolarized)
- [isundil/vim-irssi-syntax](https://github.com/isundil/vim-irssi-syntax)
- [joker1007/vim-markdown-quote-syntax](https://github.com/joker1007/vim-markdown-quote-syntax)
- [joshdick/onedark.vim](https://github.com/joshdick/onedark.vim)
- [junegunn/fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [junegunn/goyo.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/goyo.vim)
- [junegunn/limelight.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/limelight.vim)
- [juvenn/mustache.vim](https://github.com/juvenn/mustache.vim)
- [lambdalisue/suda.vim](https://github.com/lambdalisue/suda.vim)
- [leafgarland/typescript-vim](https://github.com/leafgarland/typescript-vim)
- [lvht/tagbar-markdown](https://github.com/lvht/tagbar-markdown)
- [lymslive/vimloo](https://github.com/lymslive/vimloo)
- [lymslive/vnote](https://github.com/lymslive/vnote)
- [mattn/ctrlp-register](https://github.com/mattn/ctrlp-register)
- [mattn/emmet-vim](https://github.com/mattn/emmet-vim)
- [mbbill/fencview](https://github.com/mbbill/fencview)
- [mhartington/nvim-typescript](https://github.com/mhartington/nvim-typescript)
- [nanotech/jellybeans.vim](https://github.com/nanotech/jellybeans.vim)
- [neoclide/vim-node-rpc](https://github.com/neoclide/vim-node-rpc)
- [octol/vim-cpp-enhanced-highlight](https://github.com/octol/vim-cpp-enhanced-highlight)
- [othree/html5.vim](https://github.com/othree/html5.vim)
- [peterhoeg/vim-qml](https://github.com/peterhoeg/vim-qml)
- [PotatoesMaster/i3-vim-syntax](https://github.com/PotatoesMaster/i3-vim-syntax)
- [prabirshrestha/async.vim](https://github.com/prabirshrestha/async.vim)
- [prabirshrestha/vim-lsp](https://github.com/prabirshrestha/vim-lsp)
- [Quramy/tsuquyomi](https://github.com/Quramy/tsuquyomi)
- [racer-rust/vim-racer](https://github.com/racer-rust/vim-racer)
- [rakr/vim-one](https://github.com/rakr/vim-one)
- [rhysd/vim-wasm](https://github.com/rhysd/vim-wasm)
- [sebdah/vim-delve](https://github.com/sebdah/vim-delve)
- [Shougo/deol.nvim](https://github.com/Shougo/deol.nvim)
- [Shougo/deoplete-clangx](https://github.com/Shougo/deoplete-clangx)
- [Shougo/echodoc.vim](https://github.com/Shougo/echodoc.vim)
- [Shougo/neco-vim](https://github.com/Shougo/neco-vim)
- [Shougo/vimproc.vim](https://github.com/Shougo/vimproc.vim)
- [Shougo/vimshell.vim](https://github.com/Shougo/vimshell.vim)
- [SpaceVim/fzf-neoyank](https://github.com/SpaceVim/fzf-neoyank)
- [SpaceVim/vim-ctrlp-help](https://github.com/SpaceVim/vim-ctrlp-help)
- [SpaceVim/vim-material](https://github.com/SpaceVim/vim-material)
- [srcery-colors/srcery-vim](https://github.com/srcery-colors/srcery-vim)
- [StanAngeloff/php.vim](https://github.com/StanAngeloff/php.vim)
- [syngan/vim-vimlint](https://github.com/syngan/vim-vimlint)
- [tmux-plugins/vim-tmux](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/vim-tmux)
- [todesking/vint-syntastic](https://github.com/todesking/vint-syntastic)
- [tpope/vim-markdown](https://github.com/tpope/vim-markdown)
- [tpope/vim-scriptease](https://github.com/tpope/vim-scriptease)
- [tweekmonster/exception.vim](https://github.com/tweekmonster/exception.vim)
- [vimperator/vimperator.vim](https://github.com/vimperator/vimperator.vim)
- [vim-perl/vim-perl](https://github.com/vim-perl/vim-perl)
- [vimwiki/vimwiki](https://github.com/vimwiki/vimwiki)
- [w0ng/vim-hybrid](https://github.com/w0ng/vim-hybrid)
- [wavded/vim-stylus](https://github.com/wavded/vim-stylus)
- [wsdjeg/ctrlp-menu](https://github.com/wsdjeg/ctrlp-menu)
- [wsdjeg/ctrlp-yank](https://github.com/wsdjeg/ctrlp-yank)
- [wsdjeg/Mysql.vim](https://github.com/wsdjeg/Mysql.vim)
- [wsdjeg/perldoc-vim](https://github.com/wsdjeg/perldoc-vim)
- [wsdjeg/SourceCounter.vim](https://github.com/wsdjeg/SourceCounter.vim)
- [wsdjeg/vim-ctrlp-message](https://github.com/wsdjeg/vim-ctrlp-message)
- [wsdjeg/vim-debug](https://github.com/wsdjeg/vim-debug)
- [wsdjeg/vim-dockerfile](https://github.com/wsdjeg/vim-dockerfile)
- [ynkdir/vim-vimlparser](https://github.com/ynkdir/vim-vimlparser)
- [zchee/deoplete-zsh](https://github.com/zchee/deoplete-zsh)
