info/Xiao.md, before:

## Xiao Neovim Configuration Information

- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Xiao`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/onichandame/nvim-config](https://github.com/onichandame/nvim-config)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip)
- [ekalinin/dockerfile.vim](https://github.com/ekalinin/dockerfile.vim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [f-person/git-blame.nvim](https://github.com/f-person/git-blame.nvim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/lsp-status.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/lsp-status.nvim.git)
- [arkav/lualine-lsp-progress](https://github.com/arkav/lualine-lsp-progress)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf.git)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [ojroques/nvim-osc52](https://github.com/ojroques/nvim-osc52.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [b0o/schemastore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/schemastore.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [jparise/vim-graphql](https://github.com/jparise/vim-graphql.git)
- [farmergreg/vim-lastplace](https://github.com/farmergreg/vim-lastplace.git)
- [mzlogin/vim-markdown-toc](https://github.com/mzlogin/vim-markdown-toc.git)
- [lbrayner/vim-rzip](https://github.com/lbrayner/vim-rzip.git)
- [lifepillar/vim-solarized8](https://github.com/lifepillar/vim-solarized8.git)
- [hrsh7th/vim-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/vim-vsnip)

Commit message:

Add description and install command to info documents, fix plugins retrieval for AstroNvim configs

info/Xiao.md, after:

## Xiao Neovim Configuration Information

Personal Neovim configuration of XiaoZhang

- Install and initialize: `lazyman -w Xiao`
- Configuration category: [Personal](https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman#personal-configurations)
- Base configuration:     Custom
- Plugin manager:         [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- Installation location:  `~/.config/nvim-Xiao`

### Github repository

[https://github.com/onichandame/nvim-config](https://github.com/onichandame/nvim-config)

### Lazy managed plugins

- [hrsh7th/cmp-buffer](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-buffer)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-cmdline)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-path](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-path)
- [hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-vsnip)
- [ekalinin/dockerfile.vim](https://github.com/ekalinin/dockerfile.vim.git)
- [rafamadriz/friendly-snippets](https://github.com/rafamadriz/friendly-snippets)
- [f-person/git-blame.nvim](https://github.com/f-person/git-blame.nvim.git)
- [folke/lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)
- [nvim-lua/lsp-status.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/lsp-status.nvim.git)
- [arkav/lualine-lsp-progress](https://github.com/arkav/lualine-lsp-progress)
- [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)
- [williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim)
- [jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim](https://github.com/jay-babu/mason-nvim-dap.nvim)
- [jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jayp0521/mason-null-ls.nvim)
- [windwp/nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs)
- [kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf](https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-bqf.git)
- [hrsh7th/nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
- [neovim/nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
- [ojroques/nvim-osc52](https://github.com/ojroques/nvim-osc52.git)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
- [windwp/nvim-ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag)
- [kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-web-devicons)
- [nvim-lua/plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
- [simrat39/rust-tools.nvim](https://github.com/simrat39/rust-tools.nvim)
- [b0o/schemastore.nvim](https://github.com/b0o/schemastore.nvim)
- [nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
- [akinsho/toggleterm.nvim](https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim)
- [tpope/vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive)
- [jparise/vim-graphql](https://github.com/jparise/vim-graphql.git)
- [farmergreg/vim-lastplace](https://github.com/farmergreg/vim-lastplace.git)
- [mzlogin/vim-markdown-toc](https://github.com/mzlogin/vim-markdown-toc.git)
- [lbrayner/vim-rzip](https://github.com/lbrayner/vim-rzip.git)
- [lifepillar/vim-solarized8](https://github.com/lifepillar/vim-solarized8.git)
- [hrsh7th/vim-vsnip](https://github.com/hrsh7th/vim-vsnip)
